CA Technologies     Connect Now! Try CA
Newsroom Press Releases Press Resources CA Technologies Named Market Leader in Application Performance Management by Independent Analyst Firm Share Ovum recognizes company for technology, execution and market impact SINGAPORE, March 20, 2014 – CA Technologies (NASDAQ: CA) has been recognized as a Market Leader in the “Ovum Decision Matrix: Selecting an Application Performance Management Solution, 2014–15,”* where it achieved the highest marks in nine categories. The report evaluated APM solutions from 10 vendors across technology, market execution and market impact. CA Technologies was cited for its breadth and depth of product capabilities, ability to execute strongly in a highly competitive market, and excellent market impact. The company achieved the highest marks in such categories as solution scope, development and QA orientation, operations orientation, cloud services, and performance analytics.  The report stated that, “CA APM has a long history as an enterprise-strength product, one that can exploit CA Technologies' investment in its Service Assurance solutions portfolio, such as the integration layer that connects data center segments, including network and other infrastructure, with applications and services,” the report stated. “The latest release [CA APM 9.5] offers enhanced capabilities in analytics, and cloud monitoring, which ensures CA APM's place as a leading APM solution.” “We are pleased to be recognized for the quality of our technology, our ability to execute, and our impact on this important market,” said Stephen Miles, vice president, Service Assurance, APJ, CA Technologies. “CA APM is used by many of the world’s biggest brands to ensure that the performance of their revenue and productivity-generating services exceed the expectation of employees, customers, partners and other important user constituencies.”  For more information visit CA APM.  *Ovum Decision Matrix: Selecting an Application Performance Management Solution, 2014–15, Ovum, February 18, 2014. About CA Technologies CA Technologies (NASDAQ: CA) provides IT management solutions that help customers manage and secure complex IT environments to support agile business services. Organizations leverage CA Technologies software and SaaS solutions to accelerate innovation, transform infrastructure and secure data and identities, from the data center to the cloud. Learn more about CA Technologies at www.ca.com. Follow CA Technologies Twitter (@CA_APJ) Social Media Page Press Releases Podcasts Legal Notices Copyright © 2014 CA. All Rights Reserved. One CA Plaza, Islandia, N.Y. 11749. All other trademarks, trade names, service marks, and logos referenced herein belong to their respective companies. Press Contacts Hayley  Yap CA Technologies phone: 65-6432-8625 Hayley.Yap@ca.com related-solutions Application Performance Management Related Products Share
Company Information About Us Events Customer Stories Innovation Careers Investors Google Twitter Facebook LinkedIn YouTube Contact Us Blog RSS Social
South East Asia - English legal Privacy Sitemap Copyright © 2014 CA. All rights reserved.
