CA Technologies     Connect Now! Try CA
Newsroom Press Releases Press Resources Citrix and CA Technologies Sign Agreement to Integrate NetScaler and SiteMinder Share Native Integration of CA SiteMinder with NetScaler SDX Will Deliver Unified, Multi-tenant Policy Control Point for Mobile and Cloud Services SINGAPORE – RSA Conference – February 27, 2014 – Citrix and CA Technologies (NASDAQ: CA) today announced an agreement to enable integration of the Citrix NetScaler® SDX™ service delivery networking platform with CA SiteMinder®, a leading access management solution. This planned integration will consolidate the capabilities of CA SiteMinder® Secure Proxy Server (SPS) onto the NetScaler appliance, creating a unique solution for customers that will solve the problem of device, application and information diversity; while simplifying user authentication and providing secure, high performance access. Consumers today have become more mobile and the use of heterogeneous devices for information access has added significant complexity to how users securely access corporate data and applications. While critical network entry points need to support a range of traditionally separate functions, it has become more important for identity and access management solutions to seamlessly blend into the network infrastructure with simplified deployment. A unified access infrastructure that works across applications and network layers is now needed. The planned integration of NetScaler SDX and CA SiteMinder will bring together the ability to host multiple networking instances on a single hardware appliance with the enterprise-class secure single sign-on (SSO) and flexible identity access management needed to authenticate users and control access to applications. The combined solution will lower total cost of ownership for the respective technologies, while delivering secure and simplified policy administration. With the solution from Citrix and CA Technologies that will be available later this year, enterprise IT will be able to consolidate hosting of the federated identity and SSO functions, VPN, application acceleration, application firewalling and load balancing into the NetScaler SDX platform without having to deploy discrete physical and virtual devices. As businesses embrace flexible, multifunction network policy engines to improve performance and operational efficiency, this integration of best-in-class policy delivery, identity and access management keeps information delivery flexible and economical. And as businesses increasingly embrace cloud architectures, delivering the above policy control in a hardened, multi-tenant SDX platform will enable enterprises to have fine-grained control of virtualized apps, desktops and mobile services - allowing IT to cater to individual business unit needs without compromising on compliance. Quotes Bob Laliberte, Senior Analyst, Enterprise Strategy Group, Inc. “Enterprises are looking for innovative technology platforms to help transform their data center in order to be more responsive to the business. Citrix and CA are partnering to respond by consolidating multiple functions on to the NetScaler SDX platform with integrations with CA SiteMinder, delivering greater value within the same physical footprint.” Sunil Potti, vice president and general manager, NetScaler Product Group, Citrix “The increase in mobile workers and BYOD deployments has added significant complexity to secure user access to critical corporate information. Integrating Citrix NetScaler and CA SiteMinder on NetScaler SDX lowers the total cost of ownership for the combined technologies and assures fast, robust and secure policy administration. We are extremely pleased to be partnering with CA Technologies to deliver these capabilities to our customers.” Mike Denning, senior vice president and general manager, Security Business, CA Technologies “We expect the integration of CA SiteMinder and Citrix NetScaler SDX will help improve our customers’ cost structures and IT staff efficiency as well as enhance overall system performance for application access. This is one more example of the business benefit and value our mutual customers receive from the partnership between Citrix and CA Technologies.” Related Links Expert Blog: SiteMinder moves in with NetScaler by Kurt Roemer, Citrix Chief Security Strategist Follow CA Technologies Twitter (@CA_APJ) Social Media Page Press Releases Podcasts Follow Citrix Twitter: @Citrix, @NetScaler Facebook: Citrix About CA Technologies CA Technologies (NASDAQ: CA) provides IT management solutions that help customers manage and secure complex IT environments to support agile business services. Organizations leverage CA Technologies software and SaaS solutions to accelerate innovation, transform infrastructure and secure data and identities, from the data center to the cloud. Learn more about CA Technologies at www.ca.com. About Citrix Citrix (NASDAQ:CTXS) is a leader in virtualization, networking and cloud infrastructure to enable new ways for people to work better. Citrix solutions help IT and service providers to build, manage and secure virtual and mobile workspaces that seamlessly deliver apps, desktops, data and services to anyone, on any device, over any network or cloud. This year Citrix is celebrating 25 years of innovation, making IT simpler and people more productive with mobile workstyles. With annual revenue in 2013 of $2.9 billion, Citrix solutions are in use at more than 330,000 organizations and by over 100 million people globally. Learn more at www.citrix.com. For Citrix Investors This release contains forward-looking statements which are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The forward-looking statements in this release do not constitute guarantees of future performance. Those statements involve a number of factors that could cause actual results to differ materially, including risks associated with the impact of the global economy and uncertainty in the IT spending environment, revenue growth and recognition of revenue, products and services, their development and distribution, product demand and pipeline, economic and competitive factors, the Company's key strategic relationships, acquisition and related integration risks as well as other risks detailed in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Citrix assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking information contained in this press release or with respect to the announcements described herein. The development, release and timing of any features or functionality described for our products remains at our sole discretion and is subject to change without notice or consultation. The information provided is for informational purposes only and is not a commitment, promise or legal obligation to deliver any material, code or functionality and should not be relied upon in making purchasing decisions or incorporated into any contract. ### Citrix®, NetScaler®, NetScaler SDX™, HDX Insight™ and TriScale™ are trademarks of Citrix Systems, Inc. and/or one or more of its subsidiaries, and may be registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and in other countries. All other trademarks and registered trademarks are property of their respective owners. Press Contacts Hayley  Yap CA Technologies phone: 65-6432-8625 Hayley.Yap@ca.com related-solutions Mobile Enterprise Management Solutions Related Products Share
Company Information About Us Events Customer Stories Innovation Careers Investors Google Twitter Facebook LinkedIn YouTube Contact Us Blog RSS Social
South East Asia - English legal Privacy Sitemap Copyright © 2014 CA. All rights reserved.
