CA Technologies     Connect Now! Try CA
Newsroom Press Releases Press Resources CA Technologies Named a Leader in Federated Identity Management and Single Sign-On Share SINGAPORE, May 26, 2014 — CA Technologies (NASDAQ: CA) today announced that it has been named a leader in the “IDC MarketScape: Worldwide Federated Identity Management and Single Sign-On 2014 Vendor Assessment.”* This IDC study assesses 13 different vendors in the identity and access management (IAM) market that have or are developing federated single sign-on (FSSO) solutions. It places the vendors in categories of Leaders, Major Players, Contenders and Participants. CA Single Sign-On and CA Single Sign-On SaaS were evaluated for this report. According to the report, “CA Technologies has worked diligently to stay current with market demands and, as such, offers extremely competitive software in mobile authentication and cloud delivery options.” The report also stated: “In customer interviews, CA Technologies received high marks for adaptability and support of multi-OS and legacy environments. In one case, the customer environment spanned half-a-dozen operating systems including Windows, mainframe, UNIX and Linux, plus multiple database systems.” “CA Technologies offers its customers solutions with the functionality, usability and flexibility they need to expand their businesses,” said Vic Mankotia, vice president, Solution Strategy, Asia Pacific and Japan for CA Technologies. “We are giving our customers choice when it comes to IAM. Whether it’s including unlimited federation with each CA Single Sign-On license or choice in deployment, we can meet their IAM needs for today and in the future.” To receive a complimentary excerpt of the report, please visit: http://bit.ly/1dUVAo2. *IDC MarketScape: Worldwide Federated Identity Management and Single Sign-On 2014 Vendor Assessment, Doc #247097, March 2014. About CA Technologies CA Technologies (NASDAQ: CA) provides IT management solutions that help customers manage and secure complex IT environments to support agile business services. Organizations leverage CA Technologies software and SaaS solutions to accelerate innovation, transform infrastructure and secure data and identities, from the data center to the cloud. Learn more about CA Technologies at www.ca.com. Follow CA Technologies Twitter(@CA_APJ) Social Media Page Press Releases Podcasts Legal Notices Copyright © 2014 CA. All Rights Reserved. All other trademarks, trade names, service marks, and logos referenced herein belong to their respective companies. Press Contacts Hayley  Yap CA Technologies phone: 65-6432-8625 Hayley.Yap@ca.com related-solutions Related Products Share
Company Information About Us Events Customer Stories Innovation Careers Investors Google Twitter Facebook LinkedIn YouTube Contact Us Blog RSS Social
South East Asia - English legal Privacy Sitemap Copyright © 2014 CA. All rights reserved.
