CA Technologies     Connect Now! Try CA
Newsroom Press Releases Press Resources CA Technologies Voted Best-in-Category for Data Center Management in NetworkWorld Asia Annual Readers’ Choice Awards Share IT Leaders across Asia Pacific cast vote of confidence for CA Technologies data center management services and solutions SINGAPORE, October 31, 2014 — CA Technologies (NASDAQ: CA) today announced that it was named best-in-category winner for “Data Center Capacity Planning and Services” at NetworkWorld Asia’s 2014 Readers’ Choice Product Excellence Awards. Voted by NetworkWorld Asia’s reader community of IT leaders, CA Technologies won the award with its CA Data Center Infrastructure Management (CA DCIM) and CA Capacity Management solutions. “Capacity demands are increasing. As such, maintaining uptime and availability of data centers can mean the difference between happy customers or millions of dollars in lost revenue,” said Stephen Miles, vice president, Enterprise Management, Asia Pacific and Japan, CA Technologies. “This is a vote of confidence for CA DCIM and CA Capacity Management. Winning the NetworkWorld Asia Readers’ Choice Award is testament to our commitment to helping customers maximize the efficiency of their data centers, and transform their businesses to thrive in the application economy.” Across Asia Pacific and Japan, maintaining appropriate capacity and constant IT availability while optimizing asset utilization and operational cost is a challenging task. Decisions whether to build new data centers, consolidate or move to the cloud are constantly being evaluated and re-evaluated by IT and business decision-makers. This is often done with incomplete data and always with significant risk or reward outcomes. Converged Capacity Management solutions from CA Technologies provide the insights and tools needed to run an efficient and cost-effective data center. CA Capacity Management makes it easy to evaluate the current state of capacity utilisation of an enterprise’s IT infrastructure as well as understanding the effects of constant IT change (hardware refresh, virtualization, workload increases, etc.) on that infrastructure. This is achieved by providing advanced modelling capabilities for prescriptive capacity and performance planning, while helping to avoid unnecessary capital expenditures and limit unplanned operating expenditures. This is complemented by CA DCIM, which captures power and cooling information in real-time. It also visualizes detailed information about energy and physical capacity use across a company’s data centers and operational facilities. As such, IT organizations can be empowered with a fully scalable solution to measure, trend, alert, and take action to better plan and optimize their data center operations. About the awards The 2014 NetworkWorld Asia Readers’ Choice Product Excellence Awards recognize leading vendors for the innovative technologies and solutions they provide to Asia businesses. Now in their 9th year, the awards give NetworkWorld Asia readers the chance to vote for their favorite technology vendors in a broad number of categories. The 2014 awards cover more than 30 technologies and also recognize repeat award winners and up-and-coming technology vendors. Voting in this year’s awards saw participation from 280 respondents, including CIOs, senior technology managers and IT project heads in end-user organizations. From September through October, each voter cast his/her votes for the top technology vendors in Asia across 44 categories. “The annual NetworkWorld Asia Readers’ Choice Product Excellence Awards provide a good opportunity for companies in Asia to receive feedback from the Asian IT community and evaluate their product and solution strategies for the coming year,” said Victor Ng, South East Asia Bureau Chief, NetworkWorld Asia. The consistently good performance displayed by CA Technologies in these awards is a testament to the company’s good standing in the industry.” About CA Technologies CA Technologies (NASDAQ: CA) creates software that fuels transformation for companies and enables them to seize the opportunities of the application economy. Software is at the heart of every business in every industry. From planning, to development, to management and security, CA is working with companies worldwide to change the way we live, transact, and communicate – across mobile, private and public cloud, distributed and mainframe environments. Learn more at www.ca.com. Follow CA Technologies Twitter Social Media Page Press Releases Blogs Copyright © 2014 CA. All Rights Reserved. One CA Plaza, Islandia, N.Y. 11749. All trademarks, trade names, service marks, and logos referenced herein belong to their respective companies. Press Contacts Hayley  Yap CA Technologies phone: 65-6432-8625 Hayley.Yap@ca.com related-solutions Infrastructure Management Related Products Share
Company Information About Us Events Customer Stories Innovation Careers Investors Google Twitter Facebook LinkedIn YouTube Contact Us Blog RSS Social
South East Asia - English legal Privacy Sitemap Copyright © 2014 CA. All rights reserved.
