CA Technologies     Connect Now! Try CA
Newsroom Press Releases Press Resources Winners of Global CA Technologies Partner Awards Announced at CA World ‘14 Share SINGAPORE, 12 November 2014 -- CA WORLD'14 -- Today the winners of the global 2014 CA Technologies Partner Awards were announced at CA’s (NASDAQ: CA) annual user conference. “In this application economy, CA Global Partners rely on our solutions and services to fuel business transformation—helping customers move away from managing technology to delivering the innovation that drives revenue and growth,” Alyssa Fitzpatrick, senior vice president, Global Partners, CA Technologies. ”We are committed to providing our partners with the support they need to manage their customers’ IT environments for optimal business success.” Newcomer of the Year: Edge Solutions and Consulting A CA partner for less than 2 years, Edge Solutions was selected based on achieved sales and certifications. Innovative Partner of the Year: IdMlogic Chosen for its best use case for innovation and level of technical challenge, IdMlogic presented a unique implementation and approach, as a results of software achievements. Fastest Growth Partner was awarded to three CA partners based on year-to-year growth of revenue, number of wins, and Partner Segment (Service Provider, Managed Service Provider, Government Services Implementer/Provider). Winners included: Enterprise Networking Solutions (Service Provider), Windstream Corporation (Managed Service Provider) and CSC (Government Services Implementer/Provider). Marketing Excellence Partner of the Year: A&I Solutions, chosen for its lead/demand generation program which demonstrated successful marketing results with open rates, clicks leads, closed sales or other marketing metrics. In addition, CA Technologies honored Partners of the Year based on global revenue in strategic solution areas including: • Mainframe Partner of the Year: IBM Global Services • Application Performance Management: RFD and Associates • Application Delivery – Accenture • Security: PwC • Infrastructure Management: HCL Technologies • Service Management: SHI International Corp. Other leading partners recognized for their efforts included K.K. Ashisuto (Most Registered Wins); Accenture (Most Revenue Registered Wins); and CDW for (Most Registered Opportunities). About CA Global Partner Program CA Technologies is committed to partner acceleration help grow partners’ businesses. We invested in developing a Partner Enablement Methodology that enhances training and knowledge transfer by developing specific role-based capabilities for our leading channel products. For more information on CA’s Global Partner Program, visit here. About CA Technologies CA Technologies (NASDAQ: CA) creates software that fuels transformation for companies and enables them to seize the opportunities of the application economy. Software is at the heart of every business in every industry. From planning, to development, to management and security, CA is working with companies worldwide to change the way we live, transact, and communicate – across mobile, private and public cloud, distributed and mainframe environments. Learn more at www.ca.com. Follow CA Technologies Twitter Social Media Page Press Releases Blogs Legal Notices Copyright © 2014 CA, Inc. All Rights Reserved. All trademarks, trade names, service marks, and logos referenced herein belong to their respective companies. Press Contacts Hayley  Yap CA Technologies phone: 65-6432-8625 Hayley.Yap@ca.com Share
Company Information About Us Events Customer Stories Innovation Careers Investors Google Twitter Facebook LinkedIn YouTube Contact Us Blog RSS Social
South East Asia - English legal Privacy Sitemap Copyright © 2014 CA. All rights reserved.
