CA Technologies     Connect Now! Try CA
Newsroom Press Releases Press Resources CA Technologies Positioned in Leaders Quadrant of Gartner Magic Quadrant for Integrated IT Portfolio Analysis Applications Share Singapore, January 6, 2014 - CA Technologies (NASDAQ:CA) today announced it again has been positioned by Gartner, Inc. in the Leaders quadrant of the “Magic Quadrant for Integrated IT Portfolio Analysis (IIPA) Applications.”* CA Clarity™ Project and Portfolio Management, which provides IT portfolio management and decision-making support, was evaluated for the report. Gartner evaluates vendors on two main criteria: ability to execute and completeness of vision. According to the Gartner report, “The IIPA software market helps IT leaders link, monitor, analyze and communicate their activities on a single portfolio-level software platform, providing CIOs and other executives with holistic views of the IT portfolio while IT plans and executes in response to business and IT strategies.” “We believe Gartner’s placement of CA Technologies is a testament to our differentiated ability to provide executives with the contextual view of their IT portfolios that delivers maximum benefit to the business,” said Vic Mankotia, vice president, Solution Strategy, APJ at CA Technologies. “Our sustained success over time demonstrates that we clearly understand the challenges business decision-makers face when it comes to managing IT investments—and that we can deliver the right solutions for those challenges at the right price.” CA Technologies also received a “strong positive” – the highest rating possible – in Gartner’s “ MarketScope for IT Project and Portfolio Management Software Applications” report.** To download a copy of the IIPA Magic Quadrant report, please visit http://bit.ly/1j0t9qW. Gartner does not endorse any vendor, product or service depicted in its research publications, and does not advise technology users to select only those vendors with the highest ratings. Gartner research publications consist of the opinions of Gartner's research organization and should not be construed as statements of fact. Gartner disclaims all warranties, expressed or implied, with respect to this research, including any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. *Gartner, Inc., “Magic Quadrant for Integrated IT Portfolio Analysis Applications.,” by Daniel B. Stang, Jim Duggan, November 19, 2013 **Gartner, Inc., “MarketScope for IT Project and Portfolio Management Software Applications,” by Daniel B. Stang, Robert A. Handler, May 14, 2013 About CA Technologies CA Technologies (NASDAQ: CA) provides IT management solutions that help customers manage and secure complex IT environments to support agile business services. Organizations leverage CA Technologies software and SaaS solutions to accelerate innovation, transform infrastructure and secure data and identities, from the data center to the cloud. Learn more about CA Technologies at www.ca.com Follow CA Technologies Twitter (@CA_APJ) Social Media Page Press Releases Podcasts Legal Notices Copyright © 2012 CA. All Rights Reserved. One CA Plaza, Islandia, N.Y. 11749. All other trademarks, trade names, service marks, and logos referenced herein belong to their respective companies. Press Contacts Hayley  Yap CA Technologies phone: 65-6432-8625 Hayley.Yap@ca.com Share
Company Information About Us Events Customer Stories Innovation Careers Investors Google Twitter Facebook LinkedIn YouTube Contact Us Blog RSS Social
South East Asia - English legal Privacy Sitemap Copyright © 2014 CA. All rights reserved.
