CA Technologies     Connect Now! Try CA
Newsroom Press Releases Press Resources CA Technologies Desktop Migration Manager Empowers Customers to Safely Migrate To Secure Operating Systems Share Easy to Use Technology, Available for Free Download Will Help Impacted Enterprises Overcome Challenges of Microsoft Windows XP End-of-Support Singapore, June 5, 2014 – CA Technologies (NASDAQ: CA) today announced the availability of CA Desktop Migration Manager (CA DMM) to help resource-constrained IT departments quickly and easily transition from Windows XP to more secure operating systems. A scalable, easy to use migration solution for the management, upgrade, and maintenance of laptop and desktop systems, this product is available for free download for all enterprises affected by Microsoft’s decision to discontinue support for Window XP. Additionally, the solution offers zero-touch migration when used with CA Client Automation. "Without ongoing technical support and security updates from Microsoft, Windows XP exposes our customers to vulnerabilities and significant risks," says Vic Mankotia, vice president, Solution Strategy, Asia Pacific & Japan, CA Technologies. "CA DMM—available today—provides our customers with a solution to migrate to modern operating systems to combat these security loopholes, reduce migration time and minimize productivity losses for their employees." System migration challenges are particularly relevant today as organizations strive to keep their IT systems productive, competitive, updated and secure. The challenge of recreating each user’s unique desktop environment is compounded when executing upgrades or enhancements for thousands of PCs. This includes retaining and transferring: system and application settings, network and printer settings, data files and folders, email address books, preferences and more. When performed manually, this process is time-consuming, labor-intensive, error-prone and costly, thus impeding the adoption of new technology.  CA DMM performs the migration—including unique bookmarks, address books and even personalized background images —seamlessly, so it's business-as-usual for customers without having to reconfigure their systems. With this solution, customers can migrate to newer systems efficiently and secure operating systems, while increasing technician productivity, decreasing user downtime and reducing service desk calls.  Additionally, CA DMM is agentless and can therefore be used with other lifecycle management products as part of the overall migration process. Visit Cloud Commons to access the free CA DMM download and click here for a technical brief that pragmatically guides system administrators through the process of planning, configuring and building a comprehensive, scalable and reusable, automated migration process.  For more information, please visit: http://www.ca.com/us/products/detail/ca-client-automation.aspx. About CA Technologies CA Technologies (NASDAQ: CA) provides IT management solutions that help customers manage and secure complex IT environments to support agile business services. Organizations leverage CA Technologies software and SaaS solutions to accelerate innovation, transform infrastructure and secure data and identities, from the data center to the cloud. Learn more about CA Technologies at www.ca.com. Follow CA Technologies Twitter(@CA_APJ) Social Media Page Press Releases Podcasts Legal Notices Copyright © 2014 CA. All Rights Reserved. All other trademarks, trade names, service marks, and logos referenced herein belong to their respective companies. Press Contacts Hayley  Yap CA Technologies phone: 65-6432-8625 Hayley.Yap@ca.com related-solutions Automation Cloud Related Products Share
Company Information About Us Events Customer Stories Innovation Careers Investors Google Twitter Facebook LinkedIn YouTube Contact Us Blog RSS Social
South East Asia - English legal Privacy Sitemap Copyright © 2014 CA. All rights reserved.
