CA Technologies     Connect Now! Try CA
Newsroom Press Releases Press Resources CA Technologies Simplifies Identity Management and Governance for Business Users with New CA Identity Suite Share Solution Puts the IT Language into Business Terms, Helps Non-Technical Business Leaders to Make Effective and Reliable Decisions without Compromising Enterprise IT Needs SINGAPORE, May 5, 2014 – CA Technologies (NASDAQ: CA) today announced the availability of CA Identity Suite, a new, one-stop identity management and governance solution that transforms data into business information and simplifies identity management and access governance across the enterprise. The CA Identity Suite streamlines access requests, approvals and governance processes for the business stakeholder by translating traditional IT jargon into language and terms a business user understands. "Today’s security environment demands that more non-technical business stakeholders participate in IAM functions; they are the users that know who should have access to data, systems and applications,” said Vic Mankotia, VP, Solution Strategy, Asia Pacific & Japan, CA Technologies. “CA Identity Suite helps simplify the IAM engagement for business users, incorporating an easy-to-use interface and language they understand in a system they can access anytime, through a variety of devices." With role analytics, the ability to customise policy and system connections without coding, and the functionality to request, grant and govern user access, the CA Identity Suite delivers enterprise scale identity management in a solution that requires minimal training and offers a consolidated, simplified user experience. CA incorporated SIGMA, IDMLogic’s leading business-focused application for identity and access governance, with CA IdentityMinder™ and CA GovernanceMinder™ to create the CA Identity Suite. “Security and compliance teams want seamless, intuitive processes that let them provide the appropriate information that their various internal partners want and need,” said Myrna Soto, Chief Infrastructure and Information Security Officer, Comcast. “By integrating CA Technologies and IDMLogic solutions across our organisation, we have been able to help simplify identity management processes and make engagement easy for our business leaders without compromising our security and compliance needs.” For more information, please visit CA Identity Management and Governance. About CA Technologies CA Technologies (NASDAQ: CA) provides IT management solutions that help customers manage and secure complex IT environments to support agile business services. Organisations leverage CA Technologies software and SaaS solutions to accelerate innovation, transform infrastructure and secure data and identities, from the data center to the cloud. Learn more about CA Technologies at www.ca.com. Follow CA Technologies Twitter(@CA_APJ) Social Media Page Press Releases Podcasts Legal Notices Copyright © 2014 CA. All Rights Reserved. One CA Plaza, Islandia, N.Y. 11749. All trademarks, trade names, service marks, and logos referenced herein belong to their respective companies. Press Contacts Hayley  Yap CA Technologies phone: 65-6432-8625 Hayley.Yap@ca.com related-solutions Related Products Share
Company Information About Us Events Customer Stories Innovation Careers Investors Google Twitter Facebook LinkedIn YouTube Contact Us Blog RSS Social
South East Asia - English legal Privacy Sitemap Copyright © 2014 CA. All rights reserved.
