CA Technologies     Connect Now! Try CA
Newsroom Press Releases Press Resources CA Technologies Launches Industry’s First Management Cloud for Mobility Share Solutions to Secure the Mobile Enterprise and Accelerate Innovation to Capture Growth in the Global Mobile Economy SINGAPORE, February 25, 2014 – MOBILE WORLD CONGRESS – Today at Mobile World Congress, CA Technologies (NASDAQ: CA) launched the industry’s first, comprehensive Management Cloud for Mobility. Delivered as a cloud service, this portfolio enables enterprises to manage, secure and grow their business, increase productivity and deliver an enhanced mobile experience. “The explosion of new devices, applications, content and transactions in the mobile environment has opened new challenges for enterprises of all sizes, worldwide.  The CA Management Cloud for Mobility will help enterprises transform the challenges of the new mobile economy into significant opportunity,” said Vic Mankotia, vice president, solution strategy, Asia Pacific & Japan, CA Technologies. “With solutions that power innovation, drive productivity and accelerate the development of new mobile applications and offerings, CA is extending its leadership in IT management to help businesses capitalize on the next technological and business shift – mobility.” The portfolio includes three complementary solution suites: Enterprise Mobility Management (EMM) to manage and secure mobile devices, applications and content; Mobile DevOps to accelerate application development and deployment; and Enterprise Internet of Things (IoT) to enable the adoption of internet-connected devices. The complete EMM suite and key products of the Mobile DevOps suite are available for purchase. Customers have the choice and flexibility to deploy the complete portfolio of solutions or individual components, with the ability to customize and scale cost effectively. This CA Management Cloud for Mobility is powered by Smart Containerization™ technology. Unlike traditional device-focused mobility management techniques, Smart Containerization™ allows enterprises to manage the security, performance, compliance and support characteristics of the device, application, content or email while preserving the quality of the mobile user experience. “The growth of mobile devices and apps in the enterprise is blurring the lines between personal and corporate data and leading to new challenges for enterprises,” said Chris Hazelton, Research Director, Mobile & Wireless, 451 Research. “The EMM space is evolving as companies are looking for more complete offerings that support customers and productive mobile employees. Secure container technologies must provide enterprise scalability and comprehensive security across app development, delivery and support, all while preserving the familiar native look and feel of nearly any mobile device an employee chooses to carry.” Enable Enterprise Mobility Management  The EMM suite enables enterprises to drive employee productivity and satisfaction by simplifying the management and security of devices, applications, content and email.  The four products within the EMM suite available for purchase are: • New CA Mobile Application Management (CA MAM): Provides security, management and control of mobile applications with fine-grained access control polices for mobile applications. • New CA Mobile Content Management (CA MCM): Enables secure content access and collaboration through file synchronization, access to enterprise content repositories and cloud store integration made available to the end user through policy-based mobile access. • New CA Mobile Email Management (CA MEM): Provides users with secure access to their corporate email and ensures group and policy-based controls to protect sensitive email content. • CA Mobile Device Management (CA MDM): Delivers comprehensive capabilities to provision, secure and manage mobile devices, and deploy mobile applications automatically or through an enterprise app store.  Accelerate Mobile Application Delivery The Mobile DevOps suite helps enterprises accelerate the delivery of user-experience-focused mobile applications. It enables enterprises to achieve faster time to market by accelerating continuous application delivery while enhancing security. Working across multiple development tools, languages and methodologies, Mobile DevOps makes it easy to build and test rich API-based mobile applications, gain deep insights into performance, user experience, crash and log analytics, and automate and support these mobile applications when deployed onto millions of devices. The four products within the Mobile DevOps suite available for purchase are: • New API Management: Simplifies publishing APIs, onboarding developers, and streamlines enterprises’ ability to rapidly develop applications based on these APIs. • New CA Layer 7 Mobile Access Gateway: Delivers unified access across web and mobile, authenticates users based on risk levels and protects the datacenter against rogue applications. • CA Test for Mobile: Offers mobile and web developers global access to a comprehensive platform that simulates an exhaustive list of user scenarios for testing. • CA Service Virtualization: Allows customers to test new mobile applications in simulated environments. Additional Mobile DevOps capabilities will be available in the next few months, including mobile APM, crash and log analytics, user experience analytics and remote application support. According to a Forrester Research report, “Development shops are just starting to grapple with the biggest change to system architecture since the rise of client/server in the early 1990s: omnichannel clients deployed on smartphones, tablets, and other connected devices. The mobilefirst focus these organizations adopt, forces application architects to think differently about the APIs clients use to access data and functionality.”* Manage and Grow in the Ubiquitously-Connected Tomorrow Enterprise IoT will enable businesses to deploy internet-connected devices, and manage and secure billions of Machine-to-Machine (M2M) interactions. Ubiquitous connectivity, advancements in big data analytics and the ability to embed computing into everything have led to the rise of the IoT phenomenon. The Enterprise IoT suite will provide enterprises a secure foundation to extend mobility with IoT infrastructure to achieve business efficiencies. These Mobility offerings from CA are further supported by significant advances in the CA Security portfolio. These include new and updated identity-based solutions that help customers secure their growing portfolio of cloud services and mobile applications. “CA has the DNA to provide the most comprehensive enterprise mobility platform. Their rich enterprise stack has an established enterprise footprint. When you combine that with the mobility product integration announced today, it’s an attractive value proposition for our customers. In particular, the new products announced provides total control of device, application, content and email while respecting BYOD freedom,” said Frank Cheng, Chief Technology Officer, Wistron. For more information on the various solutions supporting mobility from CA Technologies, please visit: http://www.ca.com/sg/mobility.aspx *The Forrester Wave™: API Management Platforms, Q1 2013, Forrester Research, Inc., February 5, 2013. About CA Technologies CA Technologies (NASDAQ: CA) provides IT management solutions that help customers manage and secure complex IT environments to support agile business services. Organizations leverage CA Technologies software and SaaS solutions to accelerate innovation, transform infrastructure and secure data and identities, from the data center to the cloud. Learn more about CA Technologies at www.ca.com. Follow CA Technologies Twitter (@CA_APJ) Social Media Page Press Releases Podcasts Legal Notices © 2014 CA. All Rights Reserved. One CA Plaza, Islandia, N.Y. 11749. All trademarks, trade names, service marks, and logos referenced herein belong to their respective companies. Press Contacts Hayley  Yap CA Technologies phone: 65-6432-8625 Hayley.Yap@ca.com related-solutions Application Delivery Mobile Enterprise Management Solutions Cloud Related Products Share
Company Information About Us Events Customer Stories Innovation Careers Investors Google Twitter Facebook LinkedIn YouTube Contact Us Blog RSS Social
South East Asia - English legal Privacy Sitemap Copyright © 2014 CA. All rights reserved.
