CA Technologies     Connect Now! Try CA
Newsroom Press Releases Press Resources CA Technologies Wins Excellence in Governance, Risk & Compliance Solutions Award Share IT Leaders across Asia Pacific name CA Technologies as a winner at the Network World Asia Information Management Awards 2014 SINGAPORE, June 13, 2014 — CA Technologies (NASDAQ: CA) today announced that it has been awarded the best in Governance, Risk & Compliance Solution category of the 2014 Network World Asia (NWA) Information Management Awards, reaffirming its leadership in the security management marketplace in Asia Pacific and Japan. The security solutions offered by CA Technologies, which help address needs for Governance, Risk and Compliance, were voted as industry best by the NWA editors and 100 CIOs and IT heads from the Asia Pacific region. These senior industry players honored CA Technologies for its comprehensive range of solutions that allow organizations to conveniently audit IT controls and report results in multiple, diverse ways. Victor Ng, South East Asia Bureau Chief for Network World Asia, said: &quotOrganizations are increasingly under new security threats every day. With a security portfolio approach that drives significant immediate benefits for both the IT function and overall business, the 2014 NWA Information Management Awards judges have found that the suite of solutions from CA Technologies is well-designed to meet the new security challenges of enterprises today." CA Technologies was first shortlisted as a finalist in March to April 2014 by editors of the Questex Media group – which manages Network World Asia magazine, and the Networks Asia, Security Asia as well as Storage Asia portals – before emerging as the top choice in an online vote by CIOs and IT heads of end-user organizations. Finalists were chosen based on the following criteria: Reputation of vendor in the marketplace Features and USPs of the vendor’s solutions/tools Widespread acceptance of technology and/or brand Users’ feedback on the solutions/deployments Contributing factors such as durability, scalability and quality of service &quotWe are honored to receive the NWA Information Management Award again this year. This is an important validation from the industry of the strength and quality of our security solutions, our execution abilities and the market relevance of our solutions," said Vic Mankotia, vice president, Solution Strategy, Asia Pacific & Japan, CA Technologies. &quotThe enterprise IT landscape is evolving faster than ever in today’s application economy. We are committed to enabling businesses to thrive in this new reality, delivering software that allows them to deploy, monitor and secure development-driven investments, while ensuring the right level of compliance and risk management." About NWA Information Management Awards The NWA Information Management Awards, inaugurated in 2012, aims to recognize Asia's leaders in Information Security, Storage and Data Management for the huge advances made in these fields over the last few years. It is the only regional Editors' Choice Awards for this mature but growing niche area, backed by Questex Media Asia – publisher of Network World Asia, Networks Asia, Security Asia and Storage Asia – and its team of experienced editors with deep and broad industry knowledge, as well as conference producers, marketers and panel of CIO advisers with deep insights in Information Management. Editors researched and shortlisted 2-3 finalists for some 30 awards categories. The list of finalists was then put up for online voting. 100 regional CIOs and IT heads were invited to vote, and the finalist with the most votes in each category emerged as the award winner. About CA Technologies CA Technologies (NASDAQ: CA) provides IT management solutions that help customers manage and secure complex IT environments to support agile business services. Organizations leverage CA Technologies software and SaaS solutions to accelerate innovation, transform infrastructure and secure data and identities, from the data center to the cloud. Learn more about CA Technologies at www.ca.com. Follow CA Technologies Twitter Social Media Page Press Releases Podcasts Legal Notices Copyright © 2014 CA. All Rights Reserved. All other trademarks, trade names, service marks, and logos referenced here in belong to their respective companies. Press Contacts Hayley  Yap CA Technologies phone: 65-6432-8625 Hayley.Yap@ca.com Share
Company Information About Us Events Customer Stories Innovation Careers Investors Google Twitter Facebook LinkedIn YouTube Contact Us Blog RSS Social
South East Asia - English legal Privacy Sitemap Copyright © 2014 CA. All rights reserved.
