New accessories expand range of those already available to capture more action in a variety of scenarios from cycling to skiing Camileo X-Sports case enables users to pack their camcorder and accessories together for convenience Four new accessories include telescopic pole and floating stick for use on land and in water London, UK, 3rd September 2014 – Toshiba UK today announces a range of new accessories for the Camileo X-Sports action camcorder. Designed to help users capture more of every action packed moment, the accessories include a telescopic pole, suction cup mount, clamp mount, floating stick and carrying case – ideal for a wide variety of users from concert-goers to holidaymakers, and sports fans to adrenaline seekers. These new accessories will be available to buy individually in addition to the existing optional and bundled accessories. Telescopic pole that captures a different perspective Toshiba’s versatile telescopic pole enables users to film themselves, or their friends, from a totally different perspective or overcome crowds such as at a music festival. With a fully adjustable head for 360-degree camera rotation, thrill-seekers can capture more of their world with ease and with a maximum length of 94 cm when extended, they can take their filming capability to a whole new level. Suction cup mount for glass surfaces With the suction cup mount, users can attach their Camileo X-Sports camcorder to a wide variety of glass surfaces – perfect for those fixing their camera to a car for some fast paced action. The mount, which also works when the camera’s casing is in use, enables users to benefit from a quick and secure hold that provides complete confidence. Clamp mount for outdoor action The clamp mount enables users to attach their Camileo X-Sports camcorder to an array of objects when they’re on the go. Ideal for outdoor activities such as cycling, rowing and skiing, the clamp mount allows for convenient installation with a tension adjust chain that lets users fix the camera on items of all different shapes and sizes, including irregular shaped and thin objects. Floating stick for water adventures The floating stick accessory is designed to keep the Camileo X-Sports camcorder afloat if dropped in water . Doubling as a convenient hand grip, the flotation device sticks up out of the water and its bright yellow colour makes it easy to spot. With an adjustable wrist strap, the floating stick ensures that users won’t ever miss a moment whether they’re in or out of the water. Camileo X-Sports Case that keeps everything together Users can now carry their Camileo X-Sports camcorder and accessories in style, thanks to the X-Sports Case. With space for all bundled accessories and many optional accessories too users can keep their recording equipment together in one place and easily take it wherever the action leads them. Built to be tough: designed for life in motion The Camileo X-Sports action camcorder, launched earlier this year, is made for filming action-packed moments. It features a 5.08 cm (2") LCD display so users can check what they’re filming and review footage – alongside Full HD 60fps video capture and an ultra-wide angle lens. Already bundled with a range of accessories including adhesive mounts and a remote control, the Camileo X-Sports is waterproof up to 60 metres when used with the casing. The Camileo X-Sports new range of accessories is available during the fourth quarter of 2014. -ENDS- Media Contacts For more information on specifications or press images, please contact the Toshiba team at Fever on 020 7792 7488 or toshiba@feverpr.com Connect Online Visit Toshiba's website for the latest product details, specifications and more: www.toshiba.co.uk All trademarks mentioned herein are the property of their respective owners. Exact product specifications depend on model and local availability. About Toshiba Toshiba Corporation, a Fortune Global 500 company, channels world-class capabilities in advanced electronic and electrical product and systems into five strategic business domains: Energy & Infrastructure, Community Solutions, Healthcare Systems & Services, Electronic Devices & Components, and Lifestyles Products & Services. Guided by the principles of The Basic Commitment of the Toshiba Group, “Committed to People, Committed to the Future”, Toshiba promotes global operations towards securing “Growth Through Creativity and Innovation”, and is contributing to the achievement of a world in which people everywhere live in safe, secure and comfortable society. Founded in Tokyo in 1875, today’s Toshiba is at the heart of a global network of over 590 consolidated companies employing over 200,000 people worldwide, with annual sales surpassing 6.5 trillion yen (US$63 billion). To find out more about Toshiba, visit www.toshiba.co.jp/index.htm Toshiba Information Systems (UK) Limited, is a fully owned subsidiary of Toshiba Corporation, Tokyo. Published: 03 Sep 2014 Download as PDF
