Announcement of a SMB finance solution, in association with Shire Leasing, demonstrates the company’s ongoing commitment to SMBs London, UK, 9th July 2014 – Toshiba UK is pleased to announce, in association with Shire Leasing1, the launch of an innovative online finance solution for small and medium size businesses (SMBs), offering flexibility when purchasing high-end laptops. Devices available as part of the initiative include the new Z-series range, featuring the Tecra Z40 and the premium Portégé Z30. The association will enable SMBs to easily apply for finance when leasing products online offered by Shire Leasing2 through its Click2Finance platform3, a fully automated system that performs everything from online credit approval to e-signature of leasing documents and online delivery confirmation. This new finance initiative will help SMBs to better cope with IT spending, which is traditionally one of the biggest capital expenses for small organisations. By taking part in finance offerings, SMBs can now have access to the latest technology solutions available, but in a more affordable way. Products are usually available for a 24 or 36 month lease period giving customers increased control over their IT spend. “We’re delighted to boost our SMB offering with the launch of this association with Shire Leasing”, said Santiago Alviar-Baquero, Head of SMB and Distribution for Toshiba in Northern Europe. “SMBs don’t just form an important part of our customer base, but also play a vital role in the wider economy. Despite this, they are often the most in need of financial support. Expanding upon our SMB offering with this new online finance solution is a significant step towards ensuring SMBs are equipped with quality yet affordable products, enabling them to be successful and productive while operating within a structured financial framework. Our Z-series range is built for mobility and flexibility, providing SMBs with the perfect devices to smoothly adapt to the Government’s new flexible working legislation.” Vincenzo Scalzone, Sales Director for Shire Leasing, stated: “We’re proud to be working with a leading worldwide brand like Toshiba to offer SMBs leasing via our Click2Finance platform. This association shows Shire Leasing’s commitment to support the growth of the UK SMB market space. This is a great endorsement of Shire Leasing’s ability to provide innovative financial solutions to the IT industry.” This new proposal with Shire Leasing, which sits within the Toshiba Recommends for SMBs initiative, is the latest example of Toshiba’s dedication to small and medium sized businesses. It follows past projects including the Get Modern with Toshiba campaign, designed to raise awareness of the benefits of upgrading from Windows XP following the end of support, and the Desktop Scrappage Scheme for SMBs, which offered SMBs £200 towards a new Toshiba Portégé Z930 Ultrabook in exchange for their unwanted desktops. -ENDS- 1 Toshiba Information Systems (UK) Limited is acting as an introducer. Shire Leasing Plc is acting as principal and lessor. 2 Any lease or finance agreement entered into will be with Shire Leasing Plc, and subject to application, credit and their terms and conditions. 3 The Click2Finance platform can be accessed by visiting www.toshiba.co.uk/smb. Media Contact Daniel Migdal Nelson Bostock Communications Daniel.Migdal@nelsonbostock.com 020 7792 7432 For access to the latest news, past press releases and media contacts: www.toshiba.co.uk/press About Toshiba Toshiba Corporation, a Fortune Global 500 company, channels world-class capabilities in advanced electronic and electrical product and systems into five strategic business domains: Energy & Infrastructure, Community Solutions, Healthcare Systems & Services, Electronic Devices & Components, and Lifestyles Products & Services. Guided by the principles of The Basic Commitment of the Toshiba Group, “Committed to People, Committed to the Future”, Toshiba promotes global operations towards securing “Growth Through Creativity and Innovation”, and is contributing to the achievement of a world in which people everywhere live in safe, secure and comfortable society. Founded in Tokyo in 1875, today’s Toshiba is at the heart of a global network of over 590 consolidated companies employing over 200,000 people worldwide, with annual sales surpassing 6.5 trillion yen (US$63 billion). To find out more about Toshiba, visit www.toshiba.co.jp/index.htm Toshiba Information Systems (UK) Limited, is a fully owned subsidiary of Toshiba Corporation, Tokyo. About Shire Leasing Plc Shire Leasing is the UKs largest independent funding house and a National provider of business finance solutions. To date our asset-based finance schemes have helped over 50,000 UK SMBs grow. Backed by a team of over 140 dedicated experts, Shire Leasing is the leading force and award winning innovator in the asset-finance market. With 20 years’ dedication to our partners, we strive to deliver exceptional service and innovations including Leaseman Online a proposal management and auto-accept front-end tool which facilitates electronic document signing. Shire Leasing is a recognised asset finance expert within manufacturing, distribution, telecoms, information technology, office equipment, vending and the fitness industry. Shire Leasing is supported by the Shire Business Group of companies that offer associated services ranging from insurance through to marketing meaning partners gain a greater depth of experience and a broader portfolio of services to support their business. To find out more about Shire Leasing, please visit www.shireleasing.co.uk Published: 09 Jul 2014 Download as PDF
