London, UK, 12th March 2014 – Toshiba UK today announces the new L64 series – with easy access to more online content services, tailored viewing experiences, a Dual-Core Engine processor and superior audio performance. With the added benefit of intelligent Smart TV Cloud services, the L64 series is ideal for customers looking for advanced features at a competitive price point. Even more from the Cloud Toshiba's Smart TV Cloud service comes with an enhanced and updated user interface that contains an array of useful features, including MediaGuide Replay. Rather than recommend content based on general current viewing trends, this new feature recognises the programmes that a user has watched or recorded previously. It then automatically records1 them and similar content according to individual viewing habits meaning users will rarely miss their favourite shows. Automatic content playlists are created plus different people in the family can log in to see their preferred movies or programmes. In addition the integration of TwitterTM curates tweets to bring users the latest trending topics on TV in real time while popular content service providers are readily available on the L64 series too - including Netflix, BBC iPlayer, BBC News, BBC Sport, Deezer and YouTube® - plus a variety of other music, news and entertainment apps. The Personal Video Recording (PVR)2 function is very simple to use too, and provides easy access to features such as one-touch recording, TimeShift, EPG recording, recommendations and more. So users can pause live TV to take a phone call, for example, and PVR will record the rest of the programme until that person is ready to pick it up where they left off. Richer sound from a flat screen A deep, immersive experience is provided through DTS Premium Sound™ enhancement technology, which delivers notably improved audio quality. Using its DTS 5.1 decoding technology, DTS Studio Sound™ transforms standard stereo audio into impressive virtual surround sound with improved bass and vocal clarity. This creates a richer, more expansive sound field – for incredibly powerful audio from such a slim, LED screen TV. In addition to this, sudden spikes in the volume are automatically smoothed out, so there’s no need for users to keep making manual adjustments to control the sound. Sound separation technology3 means users are also in full control of the type of audio they want to listen to. For example a user watching a live football match, who would prefer to be more involved with the action, the commentary can then be turned down. Alternatively a user who may want to raise the dialogue in a drama or movie, can reduce the background effects and tailor accordingly. More powerful processing The L64 features a new Dual-Core Engine processor which enhances the TVs performance by delivering smoother multi-tasking and faster processing of key applications for a better user experience. In addition the vivid detail of Full HD 1080p resolution, plus the fast, fluid action delivered by the AMR+ 200 (Active Motion & Resolution) picture-processing allows for a better overall picture. Multiple devices and connections The L64 series comes with a generous array of ports to connect devices. Four HDMI® ports are available for bringing entertainment to the bigger screen via a laptop, games console, Blu-rayTM Disc player or set-top box. In-built Freeview HD4 offers a broad range of free to air channels, whilst two USB ports also allow users to access the multimedia stored on their USB stick or HDD through the media player. The L64 also allows home network media playback which means movies and other media can easily be enjoyed on the big screen, without the need to move the PC or physically connect it to the TV. Intel® WiDi and wireless display are also featured, so users can share content from any compatible laptop, and enjoy it on the big screen without the hassle of cables. One of the HDMI® ports supports Mobile High Definition (MHL®) link too, allowing users to connect their compatible smartphones or tablets to the TV, and share the entertainment while charging the connected device. With a VGA interface, users can also easily connect their PC to the TV. Designed for a better picture The L64 series reflects the distinctive design that runs through all of Toshiba’s latest TVs. Its slim Direct LED screen is framed by a black bezel complemented by a stylish silver open stand, while the narrow frame accentuates the screen when the TV is turned off and seemingly disappears when switched on. The Toshiba L64 TV series will be available during the second quarter of 2014. Toshiba L64 TV series: Resolution: Full HD, 1920 x 1080p, Direct LED TV Next generation Toshiba Smart TV Cloud interface including MediaGuide Replay, Intel® WiDi 4.0, web browser and wireless display – with access to Netflix, BBC iPlayer, BBC Sport, YouTube®, Facebook, Twitter and more Personal Video Recording via USB AMR+ 200 (Active Motion & Resolution) Dual-Core Engine processor Resolution+ image upscaling Connectivity: 4 x HDMI® (incl. 1 x HDMI® with MHL® support), 2 x USB, PC input, HDMI-CEC®, built in WiFi® Audio: DTS Premium Sound™, sound separation technology USB / HDD / Home Network media playback Design: Black with narrow bezel and silver stand Freeview HD (DVB-T/DVB-T2/DVB-C tuners) Toshiba AppsConnect smartphone and tablet remote control applications Screen sizes: 120 cm (47”) and 107 cm (42”) -ENDS- 1 Recording takes place when the TV is in standby. TV records to an external USB hard drive, sold separately. 2 TV records to an external USB hard drive, sold separately. 3Performance dependent on content viewed. 4 Freeview™ HD is subject to coverage, check coverage in your area at www.freeview.co.uk/HD. An aerial upgrade may be required. Media Contacts For more information on specifications or press images, please contact the Toshiba team at Fever on 020 7792 7488 or toshiba@feverpr.com. For access to the latest news, past press releases, image libraries and media contacts: www.toshiba.co.uk/press Connect Online Visit Toshiba’s website for the latest product details, specifications and more: www.toshiba.co.uk Alternatively, connect with Toshiba on our social media channels: www.facebook.com/toshibauk; www.twitter.com/toshibauk; www.youtube.com/toshibauk All trademarks mentioned herein are the property of their respective owners. Exact product specifications depend on model and local availability. About Toshiba Toshiba is a world-leading diversified manufacturer, solutions provider and marketer of advanced electronic and electrical products and systems. Toshiba Group brings innovation and imagination to a wide range of businesses: digital products, including LCD TVs, notebook PCs, retail solutions and MFPs; electronic devices, including semiconductors, storage products and materials; industrial and social infrastructure systems, including power generation systems, smart community solutions, medical systems and escalators & elevators; and home appliances. Toshiba was founded in 1875, and today operates a global network of more than 590 consolidated companies, with 206,000 employees worldwide and annual sales surpassing 5.8 trillion yen (US$61 billion). Visit Toshiba's web site at www.toshiba.co.jp/index.htm Toshiba Information Systems UK Limited, is a fully owned subsidiary of Toshiba Corporation, Tokyo. Published: 12 Mar 2014 Download as PDF
