Powerful processors with dedicated graphics performance for multimedia enthusiasts and creative professionals Equipped with a Full HD display and harman/kardon® speakers to bring out the best in media and games Satellite P70 also launches as ideal desktop replacement for everyday entertainment use London, UK, 30th October 2014 – Toshiba UK today announces two new 43.9 cm (17.3”) laptops; the Qosmio X70 and the Satellite P70. Both large screen devices deliver superior computing performance for truly immersive entertainment with Full HD displays, seamless multi-tasking capabilities, and powerful Intel® Quad Core™ i7 processors. Combining powerful graphics performance, a stylish design and advanced audio-visual features, the Qosmio X70 is ideal for demanding users and multimedia enthusiasts who are looking for the power to create and edit photos, videos, enjoy games and playback movies on the large 43.9 cm (17.3”) screen. Ready for entertainment With a Full HD, 1920 x 1080 resolution display with LED backlight, the Qosmio X70 delivers an immersive visual experience for action-packed films, games and online content. The large 43.9 cm (17.3”) 300 NIT display ensures optimum picture quality at all times and a vibrant brightness for clear detail and bright colours. The Qosmio X70’s visual excellence is complemented by harman/kardon® speakers, exclusive to Toshiba, for an impactful sound and a premium audio experience. Complete with DTS Sound™ enhancement for volume boost, enhanced bass and improved definition, the speakers are all set for epic entertainment. A powerful performance every time The Qosmio X70 is packed full of features that enhance the laptop’s performance, enabling users to power through tasks with ease such as editing videos and photos, or playing games. The integrated AMD Radeon™ R9 M265X graphics with 4GB GDDR5 VRAM support offers faster bandwidth and helps boosts performance. AMD Enduro™ technology, intelligently optimises the device providing an outstanding graphics performance, while helping to extend battery life. The Qosmio X70 also has an Intel® Quad Core™ i7 processor to aid the completion of multiple tasks simultaneously providing visibly smart performance at its best and built in visuals for a better PC experience. Users have plenty space to save all of their games, films and files comfortably with the choice of up to 2TB HDD or 1TB SSHD support. The height of entertainment Fully loaded with a wide range of entertainment features, the Qosmio X70 enables users to get the very best out of their favourite films, games and media files. Ultra HD support via HDMI® allows output to a compatible Ultra HD TV to display 4k to a larger group. Two full-size USB 3.0 and two USB 2.0 ports provide fast connections to a wide range of external devices while Intel® WiDi lets users play all the things they love – including movies, videos, photos and music – via a compatible TV completely free from wires. The integrated Blu-rayTM BD-RE (XL) drive allows the playback of HD movies on the go and to store files safely with a disc capacity up to 100 GB. Photos and other multimedia files can be moved between devices via the Bridge Media UHS-II supported SD card slot which enables increased productivity with higher data transfer speeds. Designed to be different The Qosmio X70 has a precious dark silver finish with matt red highlights, for a striking and strong, yet stylishly elegant, design. In addition, the laptop’s backlit tiled frameless keyboard illuminates with a red glow for use in low light environments while its large clickpad features gesture support helping users stay in control – whatever entertainment they’re enjoying. Satellite P70 – see more and do more The Satellite P70 is an ideal large screen desktop replacement and shares many of the Qosmio X70’s features, making it ideal for entertainment, productivity and multi-tasking in everyday use. The brushed, stylish Satin Gold finish provides an elegant design while its durable aluminum body means that it can stand up to life on the move. In contrast to the red backlit keyboard of the Qosmio X70, the Satellite P70 keyboard illuminates with a smart, white glow. The Toshiba Qosmio X70 and Satellite P70 will be available in Europe during the fourth quarter of 2014. Toshiba Qosmio X70 and Satellite P70: Display: 43.9cm (17.3”) with 1920 x 1080 (Full HD), 300 NIT display with LED backlight Processors: 4th generation Intel® Quad Core™ i7 processor Storage: Up to 2 TB HDD or 1 TB SSHD (solid state hybrid drive) Memory: Up to 16 GB DDR3L RAM (1,600 MHz) Connectivity: 1 x HDMI®-out with Ultra HD support, 2 x USB 2.0, 2 x USB 3.0 (including 1 x Sleep-and-Charge), 1 x RGB, Bridge Media UHS-II supported SD/SDHC slot1, headphone/mic jack, Kensington lock port Communication: Intel® Dual Band Wireless-AC 3160, Intel® WiDi, wireless display technology, Bluetooth® 4.0, HD webcam with dual microphones OS: Windows 8.1 Audio: Harman Kardon speakers with DTS Sound™ audio enhancement Dimensions: 413 x 268 x 28.4/33.1 mm Weight: 2.9 kg Toshiba Qosmio X70: Graphics: AMD Radeon™ R9 M265X graphics with 4GB GDDR5 VRAM and AMD Enduro™ technology ODD: Blu-rayTM BD-RE (XL) drive Colour: Precious dark silver with matt red design elements Keyboard: Frameless, red backlit tiled keyboard Toshiba Satellite P70: Graphics: AMD Radeon™ R9 M265X graphics with 2GB or 4GB GDDR5 VRAM and AMD Enduro™ technology ODD: Blu-rayTM BD-RE (XL) drive or DVD Super-Multi drive Colour: Satin Gold Keyboard: Frameless, white backlit tiled keyboard -ENDS- Media Contacts For more information on specifications or press images, please contact the Toshiba team at Fever on 020 7792 7488 or toshiba@feverpr.com Connect Online Visit Toshiba’s website for the latest product details, specifications and more: www.toshiba.co.uk All trademarks mentioned herein are the property of their respective owners. Exact product specifications depend on model and local availability. About Toshiba Toshiba Corporation, a Fortune Global 500 company, channels world-class capabilities in advanced electronic and electrical product and systems into five strategic business domains: Energy & Infrastructure, Community Solutions, Healthcare Systems & Services, Electronic Devices & Components, and Lifestyles Products & Services. Guided by the principles of The Basic Commitment of the Toshiba Group, “Committed to People, Committed to the Future”, Toshiba promotes global operations towards securing “Growth Through Creativity and Innovation”, and is contributing to the achievement of a world in which people everywhere live in safe, secure and comfortable society. Founded in Tokyo in 1875, today’s Toshiba is at the heart of a global network of over 590 consolidated companies employing over 200,000 people worldwide, with annual sales surpassing 6.5 trillion yen (US$63 billion). To find out more about Toshiba, visit www.toshiba.co.jp/index.htm Toshiba Europe GmbH, headquartered in Neuss, Germany, is a subsidiary of Toshiba Corporation, Tokyo, Japan, and Toshiba Lifestyle Products & Services Corporation, Tokyo, Japan. Published: 30 Oct 2014 Download as PDF
