London, UK, May 27th 2014 – Toshiba UK today announces its first consumer detachable Ultrabook™ – the Satellite Click 2 Pro P30W. This premium ultra-portable 2-in-1 is designed to transform seamlessly from laptop to tablet, offering the choice between a fully featured Ultrabook™ and a media savvy tablet - ideal for a range of usages. “Today’s users require the performance of an Ultrabook™ and the convenience of a tablet without the need for compromise. The Satellite Click 2 Pro P30W takes the Ultrabook™ to a new level by offering more flexibility on the go, at home or in the office while still enabling full performance computing and a range of multimedia capabilities.” says Sandor van der Ham, Vice President of B2C PC, Personal Solutions Group at Toshiba Europe GmbH. Increased flexibility for the freedom to choose The innovative format of the Satellite Click 2 Pro P30W comprises a fully-featured Ultrabook™ and flexible tablet in one. Its easily detachable illuminated, frameless full-size keyboard gives users the freedom to be productive and creative, without having to move to another device. With a simple one-handed attach and detach mechanism, users can easily enjoy content and other media comfortably in Full HD using their form factor of choice, in any environment. Ultra portable design The Satellite Click 2 Pro P30W is ultra mobile and designed for use anytime, anywhere -measuring just 11 mm thin in tablet mode and from 20 mm thin when used as clamshell. Slim, lightweight and aesthetically pleasing, the satin gold aluminium chassis with brushed design is stylish, yet professional so it looks the part at home, in the office and everywhere in between. Highly entertaining Movies, images and music come to life for a fully immersive entertainment experience thanks to the audio visual features. DTS Sound™ audio enhancement tuned by harman/kardon® mounted on the tablet, provide outstanding audio capabilities and removes the need for an external speaker. A Full HD (1920 x 1080) IPS screen means colours are vibrant and detail is sharp while an integrated Ambient Light Sensor adjusts the LCD’s brightness based on the environment and lighting conditions. The keyboard’s large clickpad is convenient for Windows 8.1 gesture support and mouse replacement too, while using the device as a PC so users’ never miss the convienence of working on a traditional clamshell laptop. The Satellite Click 2 Pro P30W supports 10-finger touch for improved usability so users can really feel the difference when gaming or browsing the web. Premium Ultrabook™ performance, wherever it goes With 4th generation Intel® Dual Core™ i5 processors for Ultrabook™ and Intel® HD 4400 graphics technology inside, the Satellite Click 2 Pro P30W delivers a powerful and smooth performance whether being used for entertainment or working on multiple applications at one time. An SSD of up to 256 GB integrated in the tablet provides plenty of storage for a library of documents and multi-media files while ensuring fast response times and a quick boot up. Communication and connectivity without compromise The premium Satellite Click 2 Pro P30W enables users to keep in touch with their friends and colleagues face to face in high definition quality thanks to the HD front-facing web camera combined with built-in noise cancelling microphones for rich, clear communication. The 5 megapixel rear-facing camera includes auto-focusing enabling users to control the focus and exposure of their photos simply by tapping the screen. A range of connectivity options are available to cater for numerous requirements regardless of which mode the Satellite Click 2 Pro P30W is being used in with ports and slots featured on the tablet and keyboard. The tablet features a micro-HDMI®-out port for connecting to additional screens supporting Ultra HD output for displaying stunning 4k content on compatible TVs plus one full size USB 2.0 port and micro SD/SDHC/SDXC slot. In addition the keyboard includes one full size HDMI®-out port, two full-size USB 3.0 ports and a full-size SD slot for the flexible and quick transfer of files. For content sharing and communicating with other devices, Intel® WiDi™ and wireless display are available to stream to a wider group by sharing on larger screens without the need for wires. The Satellite Click 2 Pro P30W also supports the latest Wi-Fi ‘802.11ac’ standard for fast internet speeds and comes with built-in Bluetooth® 4.0. The Toshiba Satellite Click 2 Pro P30W will be available in Europe during the third quarter of 2014. -ENDS- Media Contacts For more information on specifications or press images, please contact the Toshiba team at Fever on 020 7792 7488 or Toshiba@feverpr.com. For access to the latest news, past press releases, image libraries and media contacts: www.toshiba.co.uk/press Connect Online Visit Toshiba’s website for the latest product details, specifications and more: www.toshiba.co.uk Alternatively, connect with Toshiba on our social media channels: www.facebook.com/toshibauk; www.twitter.com/toshibauk; www.youtube.com/toshibauk All trademarks mentioned herein are the property of their respective owners. Exact product specifications depend on model and local availability. About Toshiba Toshiba is a world-leading diversified manufacturer, solutions provider and marketer of advanced electronic and electrical products and systems. Toshiba Group brings innovation and imagination to a wide range of businesses: digital products, including LCD TVs, notebook PCs, retail solutions and MFPs; electronic devices, including semiconductors, storage products and materials; industrial and social infrastructure systems, including power generation systems, smart community solutions, medical systems and escalators & elevators; and home appliances. Toshiba was founded in 1875, and today operates a global network of more than 590 consolidated companies, with 206,000 employees worldwide and annual sales surpassing 5.8 trillion yen (US$61 billion). Visit Toshiba's web site at www.toshiba.co.jp/index.htm Toshiba Information Systems UK Limited, is a fully owned subsidiary of Toshiba Corporation, Tokyo. Published: 27 May 2014 Download as PDF
