Neuss, Germany, 27th May 2014 – Toshiba Europe GmbH today announces its latest range of Windows 8.1 tablets – the 25.65 cm (10.1”) Encore 2 WT10-A, and the 20.32 cm (8”) Encore 2 WT8-B. With all the essentials you would expect, and much more, both tablets are ideal companion devices. Powered by the quad-core Intel® Atom™ processor, Encore 2 tablets provide all the performance and speed necessary for enjoying the latest mobile games with stunning graphics as well as fast start-up, browsing and multitasking. For those wanting to see and do more with their affordable Windows 8.1 tablet, the sleek and light 10.1” Encore 2 WT10-A is ideal. The larger screen is bright, clear and more immersive when viewing all kinds of media while 2 GB of memory is included for improved multi-tasking and a smoother performance. For those who demand more mobility there’s the beautifully elegant 8” Encore 2 WT8-B which is optimised for use in portrait mode. Windows 8.1 with Bing Both the Encore 2 WT10-A and WT8-B come with Windows 8.1 with Bing that include many updated usability features. The tablets come with the inclusion of a one-year Microsoft Office 365 subscription which offers the freedom to read, edit, create and share documents or presentations on the go with Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, Publisher, Access and OneNote. OneDrive online storage and Skype phone minutes are also included as part of the subscription so customers can get great value from their tablet, right from the start. “The mobility provided by the Toshiba Encore 2 family, deliver a flexible solution for customers in a mobile-first world,” said Peter Han, vice president of worldwide OEM marketing, Microsoft Corp. “Toshiba’s continued innovation combined with touch and the capabilities in Windows 8.1 deliver an experience that will delight customers.” Distinctively stylish, by design Despite their subtle differences, it’s the stylish elegance of the Encore 2 WT10-A and Encore 2 WT8-B that really makes these tablets stand out and the perfect mobile companions. Featuring a new and unique identity for Toshiba tablets, both models feature a Satin Gold chassis and matching slim bezel. Built with ergonomics in mind, both tablets have rounded edges for easier holding while the speakers are positioned so audio is not compromised when the device is held. Due to its smaller size, the Encore 2 WT8-B is also ideal for one-handed use. Although the Encore 2 WT8-B is ideal for use in portrait mode, both tablets feature an omni-directional design for multi-purpose usage, so the screen can be flipped from watching movies to reading emails with complete ease. Function is also a key part of the design, so all ports and buttons have been carefully positioned to make connecting to devices instinctively quick and simple. For example, the Windows button is conveniently situated on the side of the tablet, so users can access the full experience in a touch. True-to-life images, authentic sounds A high quality 5 MP rear camera features on both tablets with Full HD 1080p video capture at 24 frames per second on the Encore 2 WT8-B and 30 fps on the Encore 2 WT10-A while a front facing camera is ideal for video calling. Both front and rear cameras provide more accurate colour reproduction and improved results in low light for a more realistic picture. Together with TruCapture, the camera can also take photos of whiteboards, documents or projections for use in classes, meetings and presentations to save users re-typing handwritten information. Legibility can easily be improved through enhanced colour correction and by producing sharper images with low reflection on both tablets while noise levels are also reduced on the Encore 2 WT10-A. The clear sound that comes through the two well-positioned stereo speakers is just as impressive. With the performance of Dolby® Digital Plus Advanced Audio, users can immerse themselves in authentic surround sound while any noise interference usually caused by speakers and amplifiers is eliminated. The Encore 2 WT10-A features an echo suppressor, so voices can clearly be heard during a chat or meeting and a noise suppressor to minimise background noise is included in both tablets. User-friendly for increased productivity Toshiba Display Utility is readily accessible via the desktop and enlarges elements, such as menu text and icons, to make them easier to see and use onscreen. Not only does this make life simpler rather than changing viewing settings, it also offers a much improved user experience for all particularly on the smaller Encore 2 WT8-B. Connected, and ready for anything The Encore 2 WT10-A and Encore 2 WT8-B have a range of flexible connections so users can quickly transfer their video, games and music. Both feature a micro-USB port for sharing content, and a micro-SD slot for working seamlessly with other Windows devices in real-time while the Encore 2 WT10-A also has a micro-HDMI® output for displaying media on a bigger screen. The micro-SD card slot also allows storage to be expanded up to 128 GB for those that require more space for photos and documents. Content can be synced with any other Windows device across a Wi-Fi® connection - and a battery life of over 8 hours[1] means the tablets are still running for whenever users want to work, study or play on the move. Additionally users can transform their TV into a second screen from their tablet, using wireless display technology. Available on both devices, it’s particularly beneficial on the smaller 8” tablet and ideal for viewing presentations, documents or streaming online videos to the television, so users can extend to a larger group of people. The Encore 2 WT10-A and Encore 2 WT8-B will be available in Europe during the third quarter of 2014. [1] Encore 2 WT10-A and Encore 2 WT8-B: up to 8.5 hours based on 720p video playback @ 60 nits. -ENDS- Media Contacts For more information on specifications or press images, please contact the Toshiba team at Fever on 020 7792 7488 or Toshiba@feverpr.com. For access to the latest news, past press releases, image libraries and media contacts: www.toshiba.co.uk/press Connect Online Visit Toshiba’s website for the latest product details, specifications and more: www.toshiba.co.uk Alternatively, connect with Toshiba on our social media channels: www.facebook.com/toshibauk; www.twitter.com/toshibauk; www.youtube.com/toshibauk All trademarks mentioned herein are the property of their respective owners. Exact product specifications depend on model and local availability. About Toshiba Toshiba is a world-leading diversified manufacturer, solutions provider and marketer of advanced electronic and electrical products and systems. Toshiba Group brings innovation and imagination to a wide range of businesses: digital products, including LCD TVs, notebook PCs, retail solutions and MFPs; electronic devices, including semiconductors, storage products and materials; industrial and social infrastructure systems, including power generation systems, smart community solutions, medical systems and escalators & elevators; and home appliances. Toshiba was founded in 1875, and today operates a global network of more than 590 consolidated companies, with 206,000 employees worldwide and annual sales surpassing 5.8 trillion yen (US$61 billion). Visit Toshiba's web site at www.toshiba.co.jp/index.htm Toshiba Europe GmbH, headquartered in Neuss, Germany, is a fully owned subsidiary of Toshiba Corporation, Tokyo. Published: 27 May 2014 Download as PDF
