Ultimate mobility in 17.8 cm (7”) form; fits comfortably into one hand, for connected convenience on the move Experience Microsoft Office 365 Personal in your hand with a one-year subscription Delivering fast start up and responsive browsing with an Intel® Atom™ processor London, UK, 3rd September 2014 – Toshiba UK today announces the Encore Mini – a 17.8 cm (7”) tablet that offers Windows 8.1 with Bing and Microsoft Office 365 Personal, in an ergonomically designed, affordable, mobile package. The conveniently compact form of the Encore Mini means users can take it anywhere, enabling them to store and sync work, or watch the latest films while on the move. This combination of features and form makes the Encore Mini the perfect partner for any primary Windows-based PC. The ideal mobile partner The Encore Mini was designed for one-handed usage for viewing content, or to fit into a small bag, for comfortable use on the move. Optimised for portrait mode, the Encore Mini’s ergonomic design and small size deliver connected convenience, at home or out and about. With the perfect platform to review, sync and save documents or browse the web, users can stay in touch with their work and leisure from virtually anywhere. Windows and Microsoft Office 365 anywhere The Encore Mini’s mobile form is complemented by Windows 8.1 with Bing as well as a free one-year subscription to Microsoft Office 365 Personal. With all the familiar applications available, reading emails or viewing presentations while travelling is easier than ever. In addition, the Encore Mini runs core Windows apps and services with ease, so users have the full Windows experience whether they’re between meetings, or relaxing at home – either via the tablet itself, extending Microsoft Office 365 to a primary PC or accessing documents from the cloud. Syncing and sharing documents between Windows-powered devices is quick and easy too, making it the ideal device for reviewing work when away from the desk, or transferring media to a PC for larger scale entertainment. With 1TB of OneDrive online storage1 included for free, and the option of adding more, users can save as much data as they need, while 60 Skype world minutes per month are included for keeping in touch with friends and family. The storage capability of the Encore Mini can be expanded via a microSD Card slot, compatible with microSD cards up to 128GB, so more personal and business data is on hand at all times. When making presentations to a large group of people, wireless display functionality allows users to share content to larger compatible screens, while a Micro-USB port is included for transferring files. Small package, powerful performance With an Intel® Atom™ processor, the Encore Mini delivers powerful performance all day long. From fast start-up to a battery life that lasts for up to seven hours2, the Encore Mini also allows users to enjoy responsive browsing and seamless multitasking, making switching between tasks and entertainment choices effortless. Capture everything A 2MP rear facing webcam and 0.3MP front facing webcam are featured for taking photos and joining in video chats with family, friends and colleagues. The Encore Mini comes loaded with the Toshiba TruCapture app, which makes it possible to capture information quickly and easily, just by taking a picture of any paper document, whiteboard or projected image. It snapshots the notes, while automatically removing borders, straightening distortion, reducing glare and brightening contrast so users can capture everything with no need for re-typing. The user friendly nature of the Encore Mini also extends to the inclusion of the Toshiba Display Utility, which allows the changing of the scaling view to make menus, text, and other elements in desktop programs bigger. This ensures that users get the most out of using desktop programs on their Encore Mini. The Toshiba Encore Mini will be available in the UK during the fourth quarter of 2014. Encore Mini: Display: 17.8 cm (7'') 1024 x 600 display Processors: Intel® AtomTM Z3745 processor Graphics: Intel® HD graphics Memory: 1 GB DDR3L 1333MHz Connectivity: 1 x Micro-USB, 1 x microSD card slot with up to 128 GB SDHC/SDXC support, WLAN 802.11 bgn, Bluetooth 4.0, wireless display, 1x 3.5 mm headphone/mic combo jack Webcam: 0.3MP front facing camera, 2MP rear facing camera Audio: Box speaker Operating System: Windows 8.1 with Bing Preinstalled: Microsoft Office 365 Personal, Toshiba Display Utility, Toshiba TruCapture Battery life: Up to 72 hours Colour: Pure White Dimensions: 119.8 x 199 x 10.9mm Weight: 350 g -ENDS- 1 Part of the one year subscription to Microsoft Office 365 Personal 2 Based on 65% Wi-Fi, 10% video playback, 25% standby Media Contacts For more information on specifications or press images, please contact the Toshiba team at Fever on 020 7792 7488 or toshiba@feverpr.com Connect Online Visit Toshiba's website for the latest product details, specifications and more: www.toshiba.co.uk All trademarks mentioned herein are the property of their respective owners. Exact product specifications depend on model and local availability. About Toshiba Toshiba Corporation, a Fortune Global 500 company, channels world-class capabilities in advanced electronic and electrical product and systems into five strategic business domains: Energy & Infrastructure, Community Solutions, Healthcare Systems & Services, Electronic Devices & Components, and Lifestyles Products & Services. Guided by the principles of The Basic Commitment of the Toshiba Group, “Committed to People, Committed to the Future”, Toshiba promotes global operations towards securing “Growth Through Creativity and Innovation”, and is contributing to the achievement of a world in which people everywhere live in safe, secure and comfortable society. Founded in Tokyo in 1875, today’s Toshiba is at the heart of a global network of over 590 consolidated companies employing over 200,000 people worldwide, with annual sales surpassing 6.5 trillion yen (US$63 billion). To find out more about Toshiba, visit www.toshiba.co.jp/index.htm Toshiba Information Systems (UK) Limited, is a fully owned subsidiary of Toshiba Corporation, Tokyo. Published: 03 Sep 2014 Download as PDF
