London, UK, 7th May 2014 – Toshiba UK has signed an agreement with security supplier Becrypt as part of its strategy to enhance its hardware value-add proposition. Toshiba will sell Becrypt’s End Point Protection packaged with selected tablets and laptops. The joint solution, which harnesses the flexibility and usability of mobile technology will initially target the healthcare market where it will enable the secure handling of sensitive patient data whilst maintaining patient safety. The healthcare offering will bundle Toshiba’s Tecra Z40 Ultrabook™ and Portégé Z10t convertible Ultrabook™ with Becrypt’s encryption software. Jeff Willis , Business Solutions Director, Toshiba Europe GmbH said: “We are seeing a huge demand from the public sector for the kind of mobile working solutions that have become common in the private sector over the last two or three years. By adding Becrypt’s proven security platform to our devices, already known for quality and reliability, we are able to provide cost-effective solutions that give public sector workers more flexibility whilst safeguarding patients’ and citizens’ data.” Public Sector users will be able to order Toshiba’s Portégé, Tecra and Windows tablet range with Becrypt security products via authorised resellers. As part of the launch to the healthcare sector there is the Tecra Z40 and Portége Z10t introductory bundle. The Tecra Z40 is a fully featured laptop but with thin and light UltrabookTM specifications that aid mobility and productivity. The Portégé Z10t provides thin and light laptop mobility but as a convertible it offers additional flexibility to be used as tablet thanks to its detachable keyboard. The Toshiba/Becrypt solution will enable mobile workers to: Access patient and citizen data from their mobile device while out in the community enabling them to provide a better quality service with reduced patient risk while ensuring high levels of data security. Capture and record information during patient/home visits saving time, reducing rekeying and associated errors, and improving resolution times for patient/citizen needs. Manage schedules, routes and locations so that workers’ case loads and visits are optimised, allowing allocation of skills and experience to be matched to patient needs. This also allows emergency cases and cancellations to be handled efficiently, and protects workers as their location is known at all times. Dr Bernard Parsons, CEO at Becrypt, said: “As local government and healthcare organisations look for smarter and more flexible ways of working using the latest form factors, so Becrypt has developed new secure solutions that ensure a good user experience. The healthcare market is at relatively early stages when it comes to secure mobile applications, and we are delighted to further deepen our relationship with Toshiba to tackle this market.” For more information about Becrypt and Becrypt solutions, please visit: www.becrypt.com -Ends- NOTES TO EDITORS About Toshiba Toshiba is a world-leading diversified manufacturer, solutions provider and marketer of advanced electronic and electrical products and systems. Toshiba Group brings innovation and imagination to a wide range of businesses: digital products, including LCD TVs, notebook PCs, retail solutions and MFPs; electronic devices, including semiconductors, storage products and materials; industrial and social infrastructure systems, including power generation systems, smart community solutions, medical systems and escalators & elevators; and home appliances. Toshiba was founded in 1875, and today operates a global network of more than 590 consolidated companies, with 206,000 employees worldwide and annual sales surpassing 5.8 trillion yen (US$61 billion). Visit Toshiba's web site at www.toshiba.co.jp/index.htm Toshiba Information Systems UK Limited, is a fully owned subsidiary of Toshiba Corporation, Tokyo. About Becrypt Becrypt is a leading supplier of innovative mobile security solutions and services that are Government-certified, and suitable for many industry sectors. Becrypt provides a range of Cyber Security solutions to protect data at rest and data in use, across a broad range of platforms, from Laptops to Smartphones, from Windows to iOS and Android. Becrypt’s secure thin client technology supports virtual data infrastructure (VDI) access, enabling secure and rapid IT transformation within the Enterprise, as well as cost effective remote access. Through its focus on product assurance, multiple platforms and centralised management, Becrypt’s solutions enable the most security conscious organisations to deliver cost effective compliance, whilst maintaining flexibility, choice and usability for their users. As a leading supplier of encryption technology to the UK Government, Ministry of Defence and UK Police, Becrypt also offers Cyber Security Consultancy and bespoke systems. Becrypt has offices in London, UK, and McLean, VA, USA. For more information visit: www.becrypt.com Editors Contacts Dr. Bernard Parsons CEO Becrypt Tel: 0845 838 2050 Email: bparsons@becrypt.com Andreina West/Mary Phillips PR Artistry Limited Tel: +44 (0) 1491 639500 Email: andreina@pra-ltd.co.uk Published: 07 May 2014 Download as PDF
