London, UK, 5th February 2014: Toshiba UK today launches ‘Get Modern with Toshiba’, a pan-European sales and marketing campaign to support channel partners working with small and medium sized businesses (SMBs) ahead of the forthcoming end of support for Windows XP and Microsoft Office 2003 on April 8th 2014. Toshiba UK is re-launching initiatives such as Trade In and Reliability Guarantee - promotions designed to make it easier and more affordable for SMBs to upgrade their laptops, as well as offering marketing support. The campaign ties in with Microsoft’s Get2Modern initiative encouraging companies to migrate to a more modern operating system such as Windows 8.1 that will allow their workforce to stay productive anytime, anywhere while ensuring security, compliance and manageability. There are still many SMBs still using Windows XP, which has been supported by Microsoft Corp for more than 12 years since its release in 2001. On April 8th 2014, Microsoft will officially end support for Windows XP and Office 2003 meaning customers and partners will no longer receive new security updates, non-security hotfixes, free or paid assisted support options or online technical content updates. Businesses that still have PCs running Windows XP need to start migrating now to ensure security, along with better enabling the mobile and productivity demans of a modern worker. Matt McDowell, Marketing Director, Lifestyle Products & Services Group, Toshiba Europe GmbH, comments: “Ahead of the end of support for Windows XP, we are working together with Microsoft to ensure IT decision makers of SMBs are aware of the April deadline and the need for migration. With IDC estimating that running Windows XP is five times more expensive than having Windows 71, there’s a strong financial argument for businesses to take into consideration as well. Our campaign, ‘Get Modern with Toshiba’, will make sure our channel partners can offer customers competitive and reliable products and services, combined with Toshiba’s experience.” As part of the ‘Get Modern with Toshiba’ campaign, partners will be able to offer SMB customers competitive prices on devices including the new Portégé Z30, Tecra Z40 and Tecra Z502, and a Trade In3 scheme allowing them to claim up to £100 cash back on new products if an older model is traded in by March 31st 2014. The initiative also ensures old laptops and data are disposed of securely and in an environmentally friendly manner. Partners will also be able to offer Toshiba’s Reliability Guarantee4 in line with the promotion, which allows them to offer free repair and a full refund if a model breaks within one year for no extra cost. The promotions will be complemented by a marketing and PR campaign, including emails, website banners, print adverts and a dedicated microsite. “The likelihood is that if a business is still using Windows XP, then the hardware it is running it on is old with limited functionality,” continues McDowell. “This provides Toshiba’s partners with an opportunity to target the SMB market with hardware upgrades and the latest Toshiba models, as well as educate them about the benefits of migration. Our initiatives are designed to fully support partners selling to SMBs through attractive promotions such as Trade In and Reliability Guarantee.” Partners will be able to offer SMBs Toshiba’s latest range of business laptops including the Portégé Z30, Tecra Z40 and Tecra Z50, all of which are durable, light weight and dedicated to business. The new Portégé R30, a premium business laptop, and the Tecra A50, an all-round business laptop, are also available. For more details, please visit the ‘Get Modern with Toshiba’ website – www.toshiba.co.uk/getmodern -Ends- 1 Mitigating Risk: Why Sticking with Windows XP is a Bad Idea (IDC White Paper) 2 Model availability and qualifying models may vary from country to country. Website contains full details – www.toshiba.co.uk/getmodern 3 Offer applies to select Toshiba business laptops purchased up to 31st March 2014, subject to availability and registered within 30 days of purchase. Trade-in value dependent on model traded in. To qualify for trade-in, your old laptop must be a qualifying brand. Visit www.toshiba.co.uk/getmodern for full Terms and Conditions. Available in UK, France, Germany, Italy, Spain and Portugal. 4 Offer applies to selected Toshiba Tecra & Portégé business laptops. Promotion starts on 1st January 2014 and ends on 31st March 2014. Subject to the Terms and Conditions, should your laptop break within one year of purchase you may be eligible to claim a free Standard Warranty repair and a refund of the purchase price. Claims can only be made if the laptop has been registered within 30 days of purchase. Visit www.toshiba.co.uk/reliabilty for full Terms and Conditions. Media contacts Sophie Williams Sophie.williams@nelsonbostock.com +44 (0)20 7792 7407 Connect Online Visit Toshiba’s website for the latest product details, specifications and more: www.toshiba.co.uk About Toshiba Toshiba is a world-leading diversified manufacturer, solutions provider and marketer of advanced electronic and electrical products and systems. Toshiba Group brings innovation and imagination to a wide range of businesses: digital products, including LCD TVs, notebook PCs, retail solutions and MFPs; electronic devices, including semiconductors, storage products and materials; industrial and social infrastructure systems, including power generation systems, smart community solutions, medical systems and escalators & elevators; and home appliances. Toshiba was founded in 1875, and today operates a global network of more than 590 consolidated companies, with 206,000 employees worldwide and annual sales surpassing 5.8 trillion yen (US$61 billion). Visit Toshiba's web site at www.toshiba.co.jp/index.html Toshiba Europe GmbH, headquartered in Neuss, Germany, is a fully owned subsidiary of Toshiba Corporation, Tokyo. Published: 05 Feb 2014 Download as PDF
