London, UK, 27th May 2014 – Toshiba UK today announces the Satellite Click 2 L30W – an innovative 2-in-1 detachable laptop that combines style and an ergonomic design with large storage capacity. Ideal for both work and play, the Satellite Click 2 L30W delivers everything users need to be productive and entertained; whether they’re in the office, at home, or on the move all in one affordable device without compromise. The Satellite Click 2 L30W incorporates a 33.8 cm (13.3”) display, which is large enough for a desk-based working day, while still being mobile. Ergonomically designed for ease of use, the device features a simple detach mechanism to transform the laptop into a tablet – giving the Satellite Click 2 L30W the flexibility to meet the changing demands of any agile lifestyle. Ergonomically defined, beautifully created With a combination of beauty and usability, the Satellite Click 2 L30W is suitable for all everyday scenarios. Incorporating a satin gold chassis in a slim profile that belies its power, the Satellite Click 2 L30W is fit for any environment that requires both portable style and computing substance. Utilising a new hinge mechanism allows for a thin design while a clean finish is achieved thanks to a fan-less design. Users have the option to optimise the Satellite Click 2 L30W to suit the demands of their day. At a desk, the Satellite Click 2 L30W is a full performance PC with a full-size frameless keyboard and a spacious click pad. At home or on the move, it transforms into a convenient tablet, ideal for displaying HD video content, or browsing the internet. With a large capacity and 500 GB HDD within the tablet, users can store and access a large library of files, music and photos. This means greater security and convenience when accessing stored content, and ensures that essential data is always available when required – on demand and on the go. Brilliance on display The Satellite Click 2 L30W’s usability extends to its central focus – the HD IPS touchscreen display. At 33.8 cm (13.3”), it’s large enough to provide immersive media and full productivity, yet seamlessly blends in to the slim, stylish chassis that can be taken anywhere. Along with the display’s quality and size, the anti-fingerprint coating makes it perfect for tapping and swiping through games and apps, with the minimum of marks left onscreen. The latest 10-finger touch support also aids an enhanced gaming experience – while the edge-to-edge flush screen allows for a frameless touch experience that increases user control. With a wide viewing angle and clear clarity, the display offers an excellent view from various seating positions too whether the user is sitting at a desk or relaxing on the sofa at home. This combination of HD and IPS technology also brings supreme colour accuracy, allowing for more natural tones and subtle blending. Along with the Ambient Light Sensor, which adjusts the LCD brightness based on surrounding lighting conditions, this feature makes the Satellite Click 2 L30W ideal for watching content in any environment. Supreme sound For fully immersive media, high-quality audio is incorporated to compliment the visuals. DTS Sound™ audio enhancement tuned by Skullcandy® bring the engaging entertainment experience to life. Powerful performance for the full PC experience With up to 4th generation Intel® Core i3 processors combined with Intel® HD 4200 Graphics, the Satellite Click 2 L30W supports seamless multi-tasking and a smooth entertainment experience so it’s optimised throughout the day, from a working breakfast to evening entertainment. These powerful components also facilitate a silent, fan-less, lower power consumption, and a battery that lasts up to eight hours regardless of whether in laptop or tablet mode. As well as its internal power, the Satellite Click 2 L30W also features a range of connectivity options for increased flexibility even when in tablet mode only. With a full-size USB 2.0 port, SD card slot and micro-HDMI®-out on the tablet, users can connect to a printer or transfer photos from their digital camera without the need to attach the keyboard. Additionally a full-size USB 3.0 port on the keyboard, supporting Sleep-and-Charge, also allows for faster transfers of large files. In addition to latest Wi-Fi™ 802.11ac standard and Bluetooth® 4.0, Intel® WiDi™ connectivity plus wireless display technology means users can stream content to their compatible TV for big screen entertainment or for sharing presentations. The integrated HD webcam with noise-cancelling stereo microphone is ideal for video conference calls either with colleagues or friends. The Satellite Click 2 L30W detachable laptop will be available in Europe during the third quarter of 2014. -ENDS- Media Contacts For more information on specifications or press images, please contact the Toshiba team at Fever on 020 7792 7488 or Toshiba@feverpr.com. For access to the latest news, past press releases, image libraries and media contacts: www.toshiba.co.uk/press Connect Online Visit Toshiba’s website for the latest product details, specifications and more: www.toshiba.co.uk Alternatively, connect with Toshiba on our social media channels: www.facebook.com/toshibauk; www.twitter.com/toshibauk; www.youtube.com/toshibauk All trademarks mentioned herein are the property of their respective owners. Exact product specifications depend on model and local availability. About Toshiba Toshiba is a world-leading diversified manufacturer, solutions provider and marketer of advanced electronic and electrical products and systems. Toshiba Group brings innovation and imagination to a wide range of businesses: digital products, including LCD TVs, notebook PCs, retail solutions and MFPs; electronic devices, including semiconductors, storage products and materials; industrial and social infrastructure systems, including power generation systems, smart community solutions, medical systems and escalators & elevators; and home appliances. Toshiba was founded in 1875, and today operates a global network of more than 590 consolidated companies, with 206,000 employees worldwide and annual sales surpassing 5.8 trillion yen (US$61 billion). Visit Toshiba's web site at www.toshiba.co.jp/index.htm Toshiba Information Systems UK Limited, is a fully owned subsidiary of Toshiba Corporation, Tokyo. Published: 27 May 2014 Download as PDF
