London, UK, 12th March 2014 – Toshiba UK today announces the new L54 series – a Full HD 3D TV range with the added benefit of Smart TV functionality, available in 102 cm (40”) and 122 cm (48”) screens sizes. Ideal for families looking to enjoy an immersive audio-visual experience at an attractive price, the L54 series enhances the customer viewing experience through advanced features including 2D to 3D conversion and easier access to online content. Smart through and through The combination of Smart TV and 3D LED TV gives users the opportunity to enjoy these advanced technologies without any complexity. The L54 TV series brings a wide range of online content and flexible connectivity to the TV viewing experience – such as video on-demand services so users can watch content according to their own schedule, including Netflix, BBC iPlayer, BBC News, Deezer and YouTube®. In addition, there’s a variety of other entertainment, music and news applications ready to be enjoyed at any time, plus the ability to search, browse and bookmark web sites using the internet browser. Also readily accessible via the simple and easy to use home screen is a Facebook widget for social networking, and a weather widget. 3D depth and detail The L54 TV series also comes with Full HD resolution and active shutter 3D1 technology. Bringing sharp, vivid and clear detail to movies and programmes, viewers can immerse themselves in lifelike 3D action on the screen – whether it’s fascinating documentaries or spectacular movies. Even if content is in 2D, the TV processor can easily convert it to 3D on the fly, for a fast, fluid and realistic picture using the active-shutter 3D glasses. The addition of AMR+ 4002 (Active Motion & Resolution) panel means watching fast paced action such as sports remain smooth and fluid. Plug-and-play multimedia and connectivity On the L54 series, enjoying stored content is as easy as plugging in a USB stick or HDD, and selecting the media player on the TV. With options for photos, videos and music, users can easily access their multimedia collections, simply by plugging the device into the USB port on the TV. Multiple HDMI® connectivity means a broader range of entertainment can also be brought to the big screen via a games console, set-top box or Blu-ray™ Disc player. The inclusion of built in Wi-Fi® allows for convenient access to the Smart TV services without the need for cables, plus a built-in Freeview HD3 tuner also enables access to free to air TV programmes in high definition detail. With a home media network acting as a bridge between devices, movies and other files can easily be shared from a PC in one room to the TV in another. In addition to the USB port, there is also a VGA port for connecting to a PC. Stylish and slim design With a smart black, narrow bezel complemented by a silver trim and stand, the L54 series follows the same distinctive design as the full Toshiba TV range. Available in two screen sizes, the energy-efficient Edge LED display was designed for clearer viewing, meaning users benefit from a slim frame that looks good, without sacrificing picture depth and brightness. The Toshiba L54 TV series will be available during the second quarter of 2014. Toshiba L54 TV series: Resolution: Full HD 1920 x 1080 Edge LED TV with active shutter 3D1 AMR+ 4002 (Active Motion & Resolution) Smart TV functionality, featuring internet browser and access to Netflix, BBC iPlayer, BBC News, YouTube® and other applications 2D to 3D conversion Connectivity: 3 x HDMI®, 1 x USB, PC input, HDMI-CEC®, built in Wi-Fi® Audio: Dolby® Digital Plus USB / HDD / Home media network Design: Black with narrow bezel and silver trim and stand Freeview HD (DVB-T/DVB-T2/,DVB-C tuners) Screen sizes: 122 cm (48”) and 102 cm (40”) -ENDS- 1 Two pairs of 3D glasses are bundled or optional. 2 When operated in 3D mode, AMR+ 200 in 2D mode. 3 Freeview™ HD is subject to coverage, check coverage in your area at www.freeview.co.uk/HD. An aerial upgrade may be required. Media Contacts For more information on specifications or press images, please contact the Toshiba team at Fever on 020 7792 7488 or toshiba@feverpr.com. For access to the latest news, past press releases, image libraries and media contacts: www.toshiba.co.uk/press Connect Online Visit Toshiba’s website for the latest product details, specifications and more: www.toshiba.co.uk Alternatively, connect with Toshiba on our social media channels: www.facebook.com/toshibauk; www.twitter.com/toshibauk; www.youtube.com/toshibauk All trademarks mentioned herein are the property of their respective owners. Exact product specifications depend on model and local availability. About Toshiba Toshiba is a world-leading diversified manufacturer, solutions provider and marketer of advanced electronic and electrical products and systems. Toshiba Group brings innovation and imagination to a wide range of businesses: digital products, including LCD TVs, notebook PCs, retail solutions and MFPs; electronic devices, including semiconductors, storage products and materials; industrial and social infrastructure systems, including power generation systems, smart community solutions, medical systems and escalators & elevators; and home appliances. Toshiba was founded in 1875, and today operates a global network of more than 590 consolidated companies, with 206,000 employees worldwide and annual sales surpassing 5.8 trillion yen (US$61 billion). Visit Toshiba's web site at www.toshiba.co.jp/index.htm Toshiba Information Systems UK Limited, is a fully owned subsidiary of Toshiba Corporation, Tokyo. Published: 12 Mar 2014 Download as PDF
