Toshiba’s first convertible with 29.5 cm (11.6”) HD touchscreen – the Satellite Radius 11 quickly transforms between five modes to suit different needs The Satellite CL10-B travels light and was designed for working freely as a cloud companion Adding value with affordability – two feature-rich models with a sleek, modern style that deliver a responsive performance London, UK, 3rd September 2014 – Toshiba UK today announces two new 29.5 cm (11.6”) Satellite laptops – both designed for mobility, with the added flexibility that today’s users require. Toshiba’s first 29.5 cm (11.6”) convertible device, the Satellite Radius 11, features five different modes in a single device so content can be consumed in a variety of ways. The Satellite CL10-B offers the freedom to save and access files in the cloud, using one travel-friendly laptop. Ideal as a first laptop for students and pupils, or for anyone needing an affordable companion device, the new Satellite models adapt to any mobile lifestyle. “Mobility means different things to different people, and Toshiba’s new Satellite Radius 11 and CL10-B reflect that,” says Sandor van der Ham, Vice President, B2C PC, Lifestyle Products & Services Group, Toshiba Europe GmbH. “In developing these adaptable Windows 8.1 devices, we’ve created an affordable range that offers the flexibility and freedom to do whatever you want to do, wherever you are without the need to compromise on design, performance or innovation. It’s mobility, just as the individual chooses it.” “We’re pleased to see this new innovation from Toshiba; the Satellite Radius 11 epitomizes Windows 8.1 hardware that is designed for a mobile-first, cloud-first world,” said Peter Han, Vice President, Worldwide OEM Marketing. “With five different modes, it provides the flexibility people need throughout the day – from work to home to on-the-go.” Transforming flexibility and freedom Optimised for touch to help users get the most out of Windows 8.1, the Satellite Radius 11 is designed to be flexible with five separate modes for use in different situations. Laptop mode is ideal for productivity and access to the keyboard and ports while the tablet mode utilises the 360 degree hinge for watching videos or browsing the web. Once the laptop is folded over 180 degrees, the standard keyboard becomes disabled so it doesn’t matter if keys are hit accidently while held. Audience mode allows for a hands-free viewing experience with upper facing speakers enabling clear sound to those viewing the content. Presentation mode is ideal for a free-standing browsing and viewing experience, especially useful in tighter spaces such as watching on a plane. Finally tabletop mode enables the ‘gear type’ dual hinge to allow the laptop lie completely flat and share content with larger groups. The Satellite CL10-B is perfect for those wanting a laptop that’s compact enough to carry anywhere with the freedom to do more along the way. This affordable device includes Windows 8.1 with Bing and offers 100 GB of OneDrive1 cloud storage, meaning documents, photos, videos and other content saved to personal OneDrive folders will be backed up and readily available to access from virtually anywhere2, on any device. Automatic backups and synchronisation of files ensures data remains safe in the cloud in case of loss or damage to the laptop. The Satellite CL10-B also comes with free access to Microsoft Office Online providing web-based versions of Microsoft Excel, Word, PowerPoint, OneNote and Outlook to help users work or study with ease. Working offline is also supported with built-in apps and the Windows 8.1 with Bing operating system. Premium form Both the Satellite Radius 11 and CL10-B are extra light for ultra-mobility weighing from just 1.1 kg3, and come in a sleek, satin gold clamshell design that was made to be travel-friendly. There is also a full frameless tile keyboard with large clickpad on both models, for more comfortable typing and navigation in addition to the 10 finger touch support. More responsive performance With the latest Intel® Celeron® processors inside both models or the option of Intel® Pentium® on the Satellite Radius 11, both deliver great performance for their size to power through everyday tasks with ease. Plus integrated Intel® HD Graphics and Intel® Burst Technology 2.0 provide greater responsiveness and power efficiency. The Satellite Radius 11 features a 500 GB hard drive for storing a range of files and provides up to 4 GB of RAM for smooth performance and multi-tasking. As the Satellite CL10-B is designed for storing documents in the cloud, a responsive 32 GB of eMMC storage is included with 2 GB of RAM. Along with fast boot-up and online access, the Satellite Radius 11 and Satellite CL10-B deliver a smooth, seamless PC experience anywhere. Both models also feature integrated prismatic batteries. Full-size connectivity With a wide range of full-size ports available on each device, users can share files between devices and display content to larger displays. Both models feature a USB 3.0 and a USB 2.0 port for transferring files, while the HDMI®-out port allows for large screen viewing. With the SD/SDHC media slot, users can quickly transfer information via memory card too making it easy to move important files and documents between devices. Media in the making Whether users opt for the transformational capabilities of the Satellite Radius 11 or the freedom of the Satellite CL10-B, each device is made for their media. The high-quality HD webcam with built-in microphone is ideal for anyone wanting to chat online with friends, or take part in a web conference. All detail is clear on the bright HD display, and defined by crisp sound through the stereo speakers enhanced by DTS SoundTM – bringing every movie, video and game to life with clarity, for immersive entertainment at home or on the move. The Toshiba Satellite Radius 11 and Satellite CL10-B will be available in the UK during the fourth quarter of 2014. Toshiba Satellite Radius 11 and Satellite CL10-B: Display: 29.5 cm (11.6”) HD (1366 x 768) resolution and 10-finger support touchscreen Graphics: Intel® HD Graphics Connectivity: 1 x HDMI®-out, 1 x USB 3.0, 1 x USB 2.0, SD card reader Communication: Wireless LAN (802.1b/g/n), Bluetooth® 4.0 Audio: Stereo speakers with DTS Sound™ HD webcam with built-in microphone Kensington lock port Colour: Satin Gold™ Dimensions: 289 x 199 x 19.9 mm Toshiba Satellite Radius 11: Processors: Intel® Celeron® or Pentium® with Intel® Burst Technology 2.0 Storage: 500 GB HDD Memory: 4 GB DDR3L (1600 MHz) Operating System: Windows 8.1 Weight: 1.3 Kg Toshiba Satellite CL10-B Processors: Intel® Celeron® with Intel® Burst Technology 2.0 Storage: 32 GB eMMC Memory: 2 GB DDR3L (1600 MHz) Operating System: Windows 8.1 with Bing Weight: 1.1 Kg -ENDS- 1 100 GB free for two years from start date of redemption. 2 Internet connection and a device with a browser required. 3 Satellite CL10-B weighs from 1.1 kg, Satellite Radius 11 weighs from 1.3 kg. Media Contacts For more information on specifications or press images, please contact the Toshiba team at Fever on 020 7792 7488 or toshiba@feverpr.com Connect Online Visit Toshiba's website for the latest product details, specifications and more: www.toshiba.co.uk All trademarks mentioned herein are the property of their respective owners. Exact product specifications depend on model and local availability. About Toshiba Toshiba Corporation, a Fortune Global 500 company, channels world-class capabilities in advanced electronic and electrical product and systems into five strategic business domains: Energy & Infrastructure, Community Solutions, Healthcare Systems & Services, Electronic Devices & Components, and Lifestyles Products & Services. Guided by the principles of The Basic Commitment of the Toshiba Group, “Committed to People, Committed to the Future”, Toshiba promotes global operations towards securing “Growth Through Creativity and Innovation”, and is contributing to the achievement of a world in which people everywhere live in safe, secure and comfortable society. Founded in Tokyo in 1875, today’s Toshiba is at the heart of a global network of over 590 consolidated companies employing over 200,000 people worldwide, with annual sales surpassing 6.5 trillion yen (US$63 billion). To find out more about Toshiba, visit www.toshiba.co.jp/index.htm Toshiba Information Systems (UK) Limited, is a fully owned subsidiary of Toshiba Corporation, Tokyo. Published: 03 Sep 2014 Download as PDF
