London, United Kingdom, 22nd January 2014: Toshiba UK today announces the Freedom Learning programme for the education sector, intended to reduce the complexity of purchasing and insuring mobile devices for schools and parents, while also providing new business opportunities for Toshiba resellers. Launched in association with CPU Group Ltd* and Arkle Finance Ltd, Freedom Learning is a management platform designed to facilitate the acquisition process for Toshiba laptops and tablets by providing one simple and secure portal for ordering, leasing, insuring and the arranging of parental contributions for products. Repairs, on-line claims management and direct debit reporting are also accessed through the portal for a streamlined service. The programme aims to simplify the acquisition and financing of mobile devices so that schools can integrate laptops and tablets as part of day-to-day learning. Parental contributions also allow schools to offer a CYOD (choose your own device) policy and provide students with a device that aligns with their individual needs. The insurance element of the intiative offers both parties peace of mind through asset protection. “We’re delighted to launch Freedom Learning at a time when technology is playing an increasingly integral and beneficial role in the classroom,” said Jeff Willis, Business Solutions Director Toshiba Europe. “The programme allows authorised resellers to set-up product offers and grants schools access to a range of leasing and insurance options, all through a single platform. The aim is to make laptop and tablet technology more accessible to today’s primary and secondary school pupils, making digital learning part of the education process.” The Freedom Learning portal will also act as a simple and effective way for select Toshiba education partners to interact with new and existing customers within the education sector and streamline the acquisition process. “Freedom Learning was developed as a further initiative to support our partners operating within the education sector. The easy-to-use platform enables and encourages schools to process orders from Toshiba approved resellers, creating a stronger and more mutually-beneficial relationship,” added Willis. The Freedom Learning portal is managed by CPU Group Ltd., as are the insurance service options offered on the platform. Schools, parents and resellers are provided with their own unique and secure access to manage each part of the order process securely. This provides simple admistration for all parties via a single portal, greatly simplifing the entire process. The leasing options are provided by Arkle Finance Ltd. The Freedom Learning portal can be accessed by visiting https://www.freedomlearning.eu. The launch of Freedom Learning marks Toshiba’s latest commitment to the education sector, following its continued participation in the NDNA framework and involvement in the European Schoolnet programme. Ends. *CPU Group Ltd. The Freedom Learning website and portal is developed, maintained and owned by CPU Group Limited. Insurance services are offered on this platform by CPU Group Limited who are an independent insurance intermediary and an Appointed Representative of Advent Solutions Management Ltd, of 75‐77 Cornhill, London EC3V 3QQ. About Toshiba Toshiba is a world-leading diversified manufacturer, solutions provider and marketer of advanced electronic and electrical products and systems. Toshiba Group brings innovation and imagination to a wide range of businesses: digital products, including LCD TVs, notebook PCs, retail solutions and MFPs; electronic devices, including semiconductors, storage products and materials; industrial and social infrastructure systems, including power generation systems, smart community solutions, medical systems and escalators & elevators; and home appliances. Toshiba was founded in 1875, and today operates a global network of more than 550 consolidated companies, with 202,000 employee’s worldwide and annual sales surpassing 6.1 trillion yen (US$74 billion). Visit Toshiba's web site at www.toshiba.co.jp/index.htm Toshiba Information Systems UK Limited, is a fully owned subsidiary of Toshiba Corporation, Tokyo. Media contacts Sophie Williams, Nelson Bostock Communications sophie.williams@nelsonbostock.com +44 (0)20 7792 7407 Published: 22 Jan 2014 Download as PDF
