Personal Video Recording allows users to attach an HDD and record all their favourite programmes. Integrated media player delivers playback from a range of sources, including USB and HDD. A range of connectivity options, which includes two HDMI® ports, one USB port, and PC input. London, UK, 3rd September 2014 – Toshiba UK today announces two new large screen additions to the L24 TV Series. Available in 102 cm (40”) and 127 cm (50”), the new models expand the L24 Series, which deliver Full HD picture quality and convenient multimedia features at affordable prices. With Personal Video Recording (PVR) built-in to the new editions, users rarely have to miss their favourite shows again. Combined with the L24 Series existing integrated media player and range of connectivity options, the new models provide a large screen solution for any home. Never miss a thing Personal Video Recording allows viewers to set up recordings for all their favourite shows so they can watch whatever they want, whenever they want to. This means users are no longer restricted by scheduling constraints so they can go out during the big match, or the latest edition of that new series, and enjoy it all at a more convenient time. PVR1 records straight to a hard disc drive (HDD), so it’s an ideal way of compiling a library of content, ready to be watched back at the user’s leisure. Play on With its integrated media player, the L24 Series can be used for more than watching scheduled TV content. The player’s user-friendly interface makes it simple to watch saved films and TV programmes or go through photos and videos with the whole family, on the big screen. Viewers can simply plug in a USB stick, or other portable storage device, and playback content as they like. Connected convenience The L24 Series offers a range of connectivity options. Two HDMI® ports make it easy to connect game consoles and Blu-rayTM Disc players to expand the entertainment options on offer via the large screen. A PC input cable allows users to view their PC content on a bigger screen, or watch online content in larger groups. By following Toshiba’s unified design, the new L24 models also complement other Toshiba products, and fit seamlessly into any modern living environment. The new L24 models are available in the UK during the fourth quarter of 2014. Toshiba L24 large screen TV Series: Resolution: Full HD 1920 x 1080p LED TV AMR+ 200 (Active Motion & Resolution) Personal Video Recording1 (PVR) USB/HDD playback Connectivity: 2 x HDMI®, 1 x USB, 1 x PC input, 1 x RGB Audio: NICAM Stereo, Virtual Surround Sound, Dolby® Digital Plus Tuners: DVB-T/-T2 /-C, analogue Screen sizes: 102cm (40”) and 127 cm (50”) -ENDS- Media Contacts For more information on specifications or press images, please contact the Toshiba team at Fever on 020 7792 7488 or toshiba@feverpr.com Connect Online Visit Toshiba's website for the latest product details, specifications and more: www.toshiba.co.uk All trademarks mentioned herein are the property of their respective owners. Exact product specifications depend on model and local availability. About Toshiba Toshiba Corporation, a Fortune Global 500 company, channels world-class capabilities in advanced electronic and electrical product and systems into five strategic business domains: Energy & Infrastructure, Community Solutions, Healthcare Systems & Services, Electronic Devices & Components, and Lifestyles Products & Services. Guided by the principles of The Basic Commitment of the Toshiba Group, “Committed to People, Committed to the Future”, Toshiba promotes global operations towards securing “Growth Through Creativity and Innovation”, and is contributing to the achievement of a world in which people everywhere live in safe, secure and comfortable society. Founded in Tokyo in 1875, today’s Toshiba is at the heart of a global network of over 590 consolidated companies employing over 200,000 people worldwide, with annual sales surpassing 6.5 trillion yen (US$63 billion). To find out more about Toshiba, visit www.toshiba.co.jp/index.htm Toshiba Information Systems (UK) Limited, is a fully owned subsidiary of Toshiba Corporation, Tokyo. Published: 03 Sep 2014 Download as PDF
