London, UK, 19th March 2014 – Toshiba UK today announces its latest S Series laptops – the ultra-slim and stylish 39.6 cm (15.6”) Satellite S50 and the 43.9 cm (17.3”) Satellite S70. Through a range of ergonomic features, coupled with full performance and touchscreen options, these models deliver outstanding usability – all in a premium design that was made to increase productivity and provide an excellent entertainment experience. Distinctively Toshiba At 19.9 mm thin, the S50 has a full brushed metal finish, and single-piece top case that’s chic, ultra-mobile, and distinctively Toshiba packed with power and performance. Thin and light for comfortable use anywhere, the S50 is always ready to travel without compromising on features. The S70 also features Toshiba’s style identity and a brushed metal finish that’s both practical and elegant. The larger screen size allows for greater desk-based productivity and more immersive entertainment plus the inclusion of a Blu-rayTM BD-RE (BDXL) Disc player enables more multimedia options. Enhanced entertainment A range of entertainment features provide an enhanced multimedia experience across the Satellite S Series. High-performance harman/kardon® speakers provide premium audio quality and are tuned by DTS SoundTM for an exceptional listening experience. For sharper detail and vivid colours, a choice of HD, HD+ and Full HD quality displays are available while Toshiba’s built-in Resolution+ technology analyses and enhances video and photo content in real-time; for an improved viewing experience that brings movies and images to life. Ergonomically defined The Satellite S Series is designed to allow users to get the most out of their day – from breakfast at their desk, to relaxing after-hours. The Satellite S50 is ergonomically optimised, with a frameless, backlit tiled keyboard for seamless typing, even in dimly-lit conditions. This usability extends to a new keycap design that enhances tactile feedback, delivering a natural and responsive typing experience - while the larger clickpad keeps the user in control of all their tasks, browsing and entertainment. In addition the S50t offers a 10-point touchscreen, for easy interactivity and navigation with the intuitive Windows 8.1 operating system. Full power, full capability A choice of 4th generation Intel® CoreTM processors up to i7 are available delivering a fast, smooth and responsive performance for enhanced entertainment, multi-tasking and media even when multiple applications are running. There’s support for Intel® integrated graphics or AMD RadeonTM R7 M260 Series GPUs plus AMD® Radeon™ R9 M265X enthusiast graphics, and 2GB of GDDR5 VRAM on the S70 delivering a smooth and seamless editing and gaming experience for a more improved performance with faster gameplay and immersive image quality as part of the S Series’ unique blend of aesthetic quality, usability and performance. Flexible connections All models are equipped with a range of connectivity options for increased flexibility. Inclusion of Intel® Wireless Display and WiFi® certified MiracastTM enables easy sharing of content to compatible large screen TVs for viewing with larger groups without the need for wires. With an HDMI® port which outputs Ultra HD content1, images and videos can be displayed on UHD TVs in up to four times the quality of Full HD. Up to four USB ports are featured including USB 3.0, so it’s quick and easy to transfer data to other devices, upload camera photos and share movies. As one of these ports is USB Sleep-and-Charge, a mobile phone or MP3 player can also be charged without switching the laptop on. The Toshiba Satellite S Series will be available during the second quarter of 2014. Toshiba Satellite S Series: Processors: Up to 4th generation Intel® CoreTM i7 CPUs Graphics: Integrated Intel® HD or AMD Radeon™ R Series M260 dedicated GPUs Memory: up to 16 GB (2x 8GB) DDR3L 1600Mhz Communication: Gigabit LAN, ‘Wi-Fi™ AC’ standard Intel® Dual Band Wireless-AC 3160 adaptor, Intel® Wireless Display, Wi-Fi® Certified Miracast™, HD webcam Audio: Harman Kardon® speakers, DTS Sound™, headphone / microphone OS: Windows 8.1 64-bit Satellite S50 /S50t Display: 39.6 cm (15.6”) HD or Full HD IPS LED backlit display with optional touchscreen HDD: up to 1 TB Connectivity: HDMI® (with Ultra HD output1), 2 x USB 3.0 and 1 x USB 2.0 (1 x with USB Sleep and Charge) Dimensions: 380 x 261.9 x 19.9 mm Battery life: Up to 6 hours (Mobile Mark 2012) Weight: 2.08 kg (with touch) / 2.23 kg (with touch) Satellite S70 Display: 43.9 cm (17.3”) HD+ or Full HD LED backlit display HDD: Up to 1 TB or 1 TB SSHD ODD: Optional Blu-ray DiscTM BD-RE (XL) drive or Super-multi DVD drive Connectivity: HDMI® (with Ultra HD output1), 2 x USB 3.0 (1 x with USB Sleep and Charge) and 2 x USB 2.0 Battery life: Up to 6 hours (Mobile Mark 2012) Dimensions: 413 x 268 x 33.05 mm Weight: 2.7 kg -ENDS- 1Only available on 4th generation Intel® CoreTM i7 models Media Contacts For more information on specifications or press images, please contact the Toshiba team at Fever on 020 7792 7488 or toshiba@feverpr.com. For access to the latest news, past press releases, image libraries and media contacts: www.toshiba.co.uk/press Connect Online Visit Toshiba’s website for the latest product details, specifications and more: www.toshiba.co.uk Alternatively, connect with Toshiba on our social media channels: www.facebook.com/toshibauk; www.twitter.com/toshibauk; www.youtube.com/toshibauk All trademarks mentioned herein are the property of their respective owners. Exact product specifications depend on model and local availability. About Toshiba Toshiba is a world-leading diversified manufacturer, solutions provider and marketer of advanced electronic and electrical products and systems. Toshiba Group brings innovation and imagination to a wide range of businesses: digital products, including LCD TVs, notebook PCs, retail solutions and MFPs; electronic devices, including semiconductors, storage products and materials; industrial and social infrastructure systems, including power generation systems, smart community solutions, medical systems and escalators & elevators; and home appliances. Toshiba was founded in 1875, and today operates a global network of more than 590 consolidated companies, with 206,000 employees worldwide and annual sales surpassing 5.8 trillion yen (US$61 billion). Visit Toshiba's web site at www.toshiba.co.jp/index.htm Toshiba Information Systems UK Limited, is a fully owned subsidiary of Toshiba Corporation, Tokyo. Published: 19 Mar 2014 Download as PDF
