London, UK, February 21st 2014 – Toshiba UK today unveils an exclusive partnership with Channel 4’s ground-breaking British television first, Live from Space, to support the launch of Toshiba’s flagship Ultrabook™, KIRA™. Toshiba will support Channel 4 on its pioneering intergalactic journey as it gives the viewing public unprecendented access to NASA, the International Space Station (ISS) and Mission Control in Houston for the very first time. Presented by space super-fan Dermot O’Leary, there will be three special episodes. The partnership was brokered by Rocket and Drum, Toshiba’s media and content agencies in the UK. On board the ISS, Channel 4 will have live feeds shot in stunning HD from astronauts Rick Matracchio and Koichi Wakata, while Dermot O’Leary will be at mission control on the ground. Professor Stephen Hawking and British astronaut Tim Peake will also be providing commentary throughout the series. Channel 4’s multi-phase campaign to promote the series includes activity across outdoor, TV and online and will kick off with a unique CGI advert produced by the makers of Hollywood blockbuster, Gravity. Tarek Boudour, Head of Marketing at Toshiba UK, comments: “After launching a chair into space for our LED TVs advertising campaign in 2009, we’re thrilled to be returning to space with Channel 4. TV advertising remains a really important platform for Toshiba, so we’re delighted to be returning to UK screens so soon after the recent success of our Encore tablet campaign in December 2013. This partnership with Channel 4 is the perfect opportunity for us to support the KIRA™ in an unique and exciting way.” Robert Ramsey, Partnership Leader at Channel 4 says, “We are delighted to secure the Toshiba Ultrabook™, KIRA™, as our partner for this series. The KIRA™ represents the absolute cutting edge in notebook technology perfectly complementing the innovative and ground-breaking nature of our Space season” Pixel-perfect, powerful and ultra-portable, the Toshiba KIRA™ combines strength and style and is the ideal fusion of true-to-life colour rendering, image sharpness, slim elegance and exceptional performance for consumers looking for the ultimate in computing. -ENDS- Media Contacts For more information, please contact the Toshiba team at Fever on 020 7792 7488 or toshiba@feverpr.com For access to the latest news, past press releases, image libraries and media contacts: www.toshiba.co.uk/press Connect Online Visit Toshiba’s website for the latest product details, specifications and more: www.toshiba.co.uk Alternatively, connect with Toshiba on our social media channels: www.facebook.com/toshibauk; www.twitter.com/toshibauk; www.youtube.com/toshibauk All trademarks mentioned herein are the property of their respective owners. About Toshiba Toshiba is a world-leading diversified manufacturer, solutions provider and marketer of advanced electronic and electrical products and systems. Toshiba Group brings innovation and imagination to a wide range of businesses: digital products, including LCD TVs, notebook PCs, retail solutions and MFPs; electronic devices, including semiconductors, storage products and materials; industrial and social infrastructure systems, including power generation systems, smart community solutions, medical systems and escalators & elevators; and home appliances. Toshiba was founded in 1875, and today operates a global network of more than 590 consolidated companies, with 206,000 employees worldwide and annual sales surpassing 5.8 trillion yen (US$61 billion). Visit Toshiba's web site at www.toshiba.co.jp/index.htm Toshiba Information Systems UK Limited, is a fully owned subsidiary of Toshiba Corporation, Tokyo. Published: 21 Feb 2014 Download as PDF
