London, UK, 12th March 2014 – Toshiba UK today announces its new range of Blu-ray Disc™ players: the essential BDX1500, the value-added BDX2550, and the fully-featured BDX5500 – featuring Ultra HD upscaling technology. Designed to enhance any home entertainment experience, every kind of user can easily find a model that best suits their needs and budget – and works in harmony with their HD, 3D or Ultra HD compatible TV. Intense detail, immersive viewing For those looking for the ultimate in picture detail, the high-end BDX5500 allows users to upscale Full HD content to near Ultra HD quality, for life-like definition with breathtaking clarity.The next-generation in picture quality brings movies and photos to life in such bright, colourful detail, it’s almost tangible thanks to Toshiba’s unique edge restoration and detail enhancement technology, which produces unprecedented levels of image precision. The BDX5500 also features Blu-ray 3DTM playback, for a different kind of home cinema experience that puts users in amongst the action. When connected to a 3D compatible TV, it produces a greater depth of field, enriched colours and more realistic scenes for superior viewing that puts entertainment in a whole new light. Standard Blu-rayTM discs can also be played on all models and, for those who simply want to enjoy their favourite 2D content in crisp, clear Full HD brilliance, there’s the affordably-priced BDX2550 and BDX1500. Smarter connections The BDX5500 and BDX2550 all come with an Ethernet port, while the BDX5500 also features built-in Wi-Fi®. This opens up a world of entertainment options, by giving users the freedom to access smart applications and features through Toshiba’s Smart services – whether they want browse the web via the open internet browser or catch up on the latest online content from a variety of apps, such as YouTube®, BBC iPlayer and Netflix. The BDX5500 supports Wi-Fi® Certified Miracast™ too, which allows users to directly transfer content from their smartphone, tablet or laptop to their big screen TV making viewing more convenient. Plus, an integrated media player is available across the whole range so users can easily plug in a USB stick or HDD via the USB port, whenever they want to enjoy their stored photos, music and video files in more detail on the TV. Expect the unexpected From the entry-level to the high-end model that has it all, the latest Blu-ray Disc™ players from Toshiba exceed expectations. Each has a smart finish all of its own that was designed to blend beautifully with Toshiba’s latest TV range, for a home entertainment system that fits seamlessly into any modern home. The BDX5500 features a distinctive square design with a slot-in disc drive that’s both stylish and compact enough for any tight space by having the flexibility to be mounted either horizontally or vertically. The new Toshiba Blu-ray DiscTM player range will be available during the second quarter of 2014. Toshiba Blu-ray Disc™ players: BDX5500: Resolution: Up to Full HD 1080p with Ultra HD upscaling 3D playback Toshiba Smart service featuring YouTube®, BBC iPlayer and Netflix Companion device support Connectivity: Built in Wi-Fi®, Ethernet (LAN), Wi-Fi® Certified Miracast™, Wi-Fi® Direct, 1x HDMI®, HDMI® - CEC, 1x USB 2.0 Audio: Dolby® Digital Plus, Dolby® True HD, DTS® HD, DTS® Digital Surround, DTS® HD Master Audio Essential Design: Square with slot-in drive and horizontal/vertical mounting and touch controls Colour: Light silver Dimensions: 200 x 49.5 x 200 mm BDX2550: Resolution: Up to Full HD 1080p Toshiba Smart service featuring YouTube®, BBC iPlayer and Netflix Companion device support Connectivity: Ethernet (LAN), 1x HDMI®, HDMI® - CEC, 1x USB 2.0 Audio: Dolby® Digital Plus, Dolby® True HD, DTS® 2.0 + digital out Colour: Matt black Dimensions: 270 x 39 x 200 mm BDX1500: Resolution: Up to Full HD 1080p Connectivity: 1 x HDMI®, HDMI® - CEC, 1 x USB 2.0 Audio: Dolby® Digital Plus, Dolby® True HD, DTS® 2.0 + digital out Colour: Matt black Dimensions: 270 x 39 x 200 mm -ENDS- Media Contacts For more information on specifications or press images, please contact the Toshiba team at Fever on 020 7792 7488 or toshiba@feverpr.com. For access to the latest news, past press releases, image libraries and media contacts: www.toshiba.co.uk/press Connect Online Visit Toshiba’s website for the latest product details, specifications and more: www.toshiba.co.uk Alternatively, connect with Toshiba on our social media channels: www.facebook.com/toshibauk; www.twitter.com/toshibauk; www.youtube.com/toshibauk All trademarks mentioned herein are the property of their respective owners. Exact product specifications depend on model and local availability. About Toshiba Toshiba is a world-leading diversified manufacturer, solutions provider and marketer of advanced electronic and electrical products and systems. Toshiba Group brings innovation and imagination to a wide range of businesses: digital products, including LCD TVs, notebook PCs, retail solutions and MFPs; electronic devices, including semiconductors, storage products and materials; industrial and social infrastructure systems, including power generation systems, smart community solutions, medical systems and escalators & elevators; and home appliances. Toshiba was founded in 1875, and today operates a global network of more than 590 consolidated companies, with 206,000 employees worldwide and annual sales surpassing 5.8 trillion yen (US$61 billion). Visit Toshiba's web site at www.toshiba.co.jp/index.htm Toshiba Information Systems UK Limited, is a fully owned subsidiary of Toshiba Corporation, Tokyo. Published: 12 Mar 2014 Download as PDF
