London, UK, 12 March 2014 – Toshiba UK today announces the new 3 series – a stylish range of TVs with the added benefit of Smart TV functionality. Designed for users wanting to gain a wider choice of content and connectivity from an affordable yet smart LED TV, it’s the ideal first step towards a more flexible viewing experience. The L3 series comes with Full HD 1080p resolution with vibrant colours, sharper images, and pinpoint definition for more immersive viewing, in addition the W3 series is an HD Ready alternative. Users who also want to benefit from the convenience of watching DVDs as well within one affordable device, the D3 model is the ideal solution featuring a built-in DVD player. Screen sizes for the L3, W3 and D3 series range from 59 cm (24”) to 122 cm (48”)1 offering an option for every user and every room in the home. The Smart way to enjoy content All 3 series TVs provide easy access to the most essential Smart TV services, making this a more versatile TV for the home and an easy choice for those new to watching online entertainment content via their TV. A series of applications for video on-demand services are available so users can watch the TV they want, at a time that’s right for them including Netflix, BBC iPlayer, BBC News and Deezer. Users can also choose between enjoying the most popular clips on YouTube® plus a variety of entertainment, music and news apps ready to be enjoyed at any time. Weather updates are also readily available via the TV home screen. There’s also access to an internet browser, allowing users to navigate the web directly on their TV which provides a convenient way to search, browse and bookmark favourite web sites on the big screen made easier through built-in Wi-Fi®1. A Freeview HD2 tuner also enables access to free to air TV programmes in high definition detail. Easy access to a variety of multimedia The media player allows photo, video and music files stored on USBs or an HDD to be easily played back on the TV – or access to ready-made entertainment from a games console, set-top box, DVD or Blu-rayTM player, by making the most of up to three HDMI® ports1. Built-in Wi-Fi®1 combined with the freedom of home network media playback means users can easily share movies or other media on the big screen, without the need to move the PC or physically connect it to the TV. Slim, stylish and well connected The 3 series TV reflects the distinctive design that runs through all of Toshiba’s latest TVs. With a modern, slim elegance that will fit into any room, this TV is as smart on the outside as it is on the inside. Available in stylish black, white or titanium1, all series come with a multitude of flexible connections. In addition to the HDMI® and USB ports, a PC input enables users to transform their TV screen into a larger PC display. All models offer smoother action scenes too, thanks to AMR (Active Motion & Resolution) picture-processing delivering fluid images for fast moving sports programmes, dramatic movies and high paced games that will keep users glued to the perfectly clear LED display. Additionally, Dolby® Digital Plus brings high-fidelity sound and clarity to both music and dialogue. Toshiba L3, D3 and W3 series TVs will be available during the first quarter of 2014. Toshiba L3, W3 and D3 series: Smart TV functionality with internet browser featuring Netflix, BBC iPlayer, BBC News, YouTube® and other applications Connectivity1: built-in Wi-Fi®, up to 3 x HDMI®, 1 x USB, 1x PC input, home network media playback Audio: Dolby® Digital Plus USB media playback Available in black, white and titanium1 Freeview HD tuner (DVB-T/DVB-T2 tuners)2 Toshiba L3 TV: Full HD, 1920 x 1080p, LED display AMR+ 200 (Active Motion & Resolution) Available in 122 cm (48”) with Edge LED, 102 cm (40”) available with Direct LED. Toshiba W3 TV: HD Ready, 1366 x 768, LED display AMR+ 100 (Active Motion & Resolution) Available in 80 cm (32”) Direct LED Toshiba D3 TV: HD Ready, 1366 x 768, LED display Built-in DVD player AMR+ 100 (Active Motion & Resolution) Available in 59 cm (24”) with Edge LED, 80 cm (32”) and 102 cm (40”) with Direct LED -ENDS- Media Contacts For more information on specifications or press images, please contact the Toshiba team at Fever on 020 7792 7488 or toshiba@feverpr.com. For access to the latest news, past press releases, image libraries and media contacts: www.toshiba.co.uk/press Connect Online Visit Toshiba’s website for the latest product details, specifications and more: www.toshiba.co.uk Alternatively, connect with Toshiba on our social media channels: www.facebook.com/toshibauk; www.twitter.com/toshibauk; www.youtube.com/toshibauk 1 Exact product specifications depend on model and local availability. The L3451 and W3451 is Wi-Fi ready only. 2 The Freeview™ HD service is subject to coverage, check coverage in your area at www.freeview.co.uk/HD. An aerial upgrade may be required. Freeview HD not supported on 24D3434/24D3433. All trademarks mentioned herein are the property of their respective owners. About Toshiba Toshiba is a world-leading diversified manufacturer, solutions provider and marketer of advanced electronic and electrical products and systems. Toshiba Group brings innovation and imagination to a wide range of businesses: digital products, including LCD TVs, notebook PCs, retail solutions and MFPs; electronic devices, including semiconductors, storage products and materials; industrial and social infrastructure systems, including power generation systems, smart community solutions, medical systems and escalators & elevators; and home appliances. Toshiba was founded in 1875, and today operates a global network of more than 590 consolidated companies, with 206,000 employees worldwide and annual sales surpassing 5.8 trillion yen (US$61 billion). Visit Toshiba's web site at www.toshiba.co.jp/index.htm Toshiba Information Systems UK Limited, is a fully owned subsidiary of Toshiba Corporation, Tokyo. Published: 12 Mar 2014 Download as PDF
