Designed, engineered and manufactured with the same focus and values as Toshiba’s premium Tecra and Portégé models Dedicated business features in a slim, lightweight chassis to meet the needs of modern day SMBs and beyond Added confidence provided by assurance of Reliability Guarantee inclusion London, UK, 1st September 2014 – Toshiba UK today announces the Satellite Pro R50-B - a feature-rich, yet affordably priced 39.6 cm (15.6”) laptop designed for small and medium sized businesses (SMBs). Slim, secure and reliable, this laptop is optimised to meet a wide range of requirements, thanks to a host of carefully considered features and design elements. “We’ve put more into the Satellite Pro R50-B, so business users can get more out of it,” said Eric Cariou, Vice President, B2B PC, Lifestyle Products & Services Group at Toshiba Europe GmbH. “It has been designed, engineered and manufactured in-house, and specifically for business use. This focused and dedicated development means that we’ve been able to carefully address what SMBs are currently looking for in terms of mobility, security and reliability because we understand that they require the freedom to work however and wherever they want. We’re so confident in the Satellite Pro R50-B’s capabilities that we’ve included our Reliability Guarantee1 to give users peace of mind.” Added peace of mind Every element of the Satellite Pro R50-B has been developed to meet the needs of SMBs, including ensuring the protection of the laptop itself and the data stored on it. The Satellite Pro R50-B has passed a combination of Highly Accelerated Life Tests (HALT) carried out by the independent German test institute, TÜV Rheinland®. Mimicking the lifecycle of a laptop and subjecting it to varying levels of vibration, heat, accidental drops, and pressure provides reassurance that the Satellite Pro R50-B can withstand undesirable situations. In addition to a sturdy design that reduces bending, the Satellite Pro R50-B can be relied upon to stand up to daily use, time and time again. To protect businesses against the loss of data, Trusted Platform Module (TPM) secure hardware is included on selected models to ensure sensitive business data stays safe on local storage. Further data protection is provided by the HDD 3D sensor, which locks the hard drive in case of shock movement or drops. A 30-day trial version of McAfee LiveSafe Security is pre-installed to safeguard the laptop against viruses and other threats. Toshiba’s Reliability Guarantee1 is applicable on selected models providing additional confidence by promising a free repair within the first year of purchase if a problem2 occurs. In addition customers will also get their money back for extra reassurance. Enhancing productivity There's a lot more to the Satellite Pro R50-B than the slim, stylish and durable chassis. The tiled keyboard with numeric keypad means that users can be more productive. The non-reflective HD screen enables users to focus on their business content in clear high definition with no glare to worry about, and to type emails or create documents whatever the environment. Powerful performance in any setting Essential for a busy working life that's constantly moving between home, office and meetings, the Satellite Pro R50-B has the flexibility, speed and strength to switch from task to task in any location. With processors up to 4th generation Intel® CoreTM i5 and up to Intel® HD graphics 4400, the Satellite Pro R50-B delivers the performance to increase productivity and effortlessly multi-task between applications. A high speed HDD is featured so business users can store and access their files safely. Plus, at just 2.3 kg light, only 24 mm thin, and equipped with a removable long-life battery, users are free to work wherever their business takes them. More secure and better connected The Satellite Pro R50-B comes with extensive connectivity options to allow fast network connection or the option to connect to other devices. For presenting to larger groups or simply for a user wanting to expand their workspace to external displays, a full-size HDMI® port and RGB are included without the need to use adaptors. Users have all the flexibility they need to connect to office peripherals and transfer data thanks to the three USB ports, two of which are USB 3.0 for fast transfers, plus an SD card slot. Bluetooth® 4.0, Gigabit LAN or wireless LAN are all featured to provide faster network access. Added convenience and manageability A range of optional accessories and solutions are available for the Satellite Pro R50-B including the dynadock™ V3.0+ universal docking station3 to connect to more of the peripherals users need on a daily basis with the clutter-free convenience of one cable. Toshiba Cloud Client Manager (TCCM) is now available allowing users to oversee and take control of IT devices online, in real-time via a standard web browser, without the need to invest in servers and dedicated management software – ideal for small and medium sized businesses. The Toshiba Satellite Pro R50-B is available now in the UK. The Toshiba Satellite Pro R50-B: Display: 39.6 cm (15.6”) 1366 x 768p HD, non-reflective screen Processors: Up to 4th generation Intel® CoreTM i5 processors Graphics: Up to Intel® HD 4400 Storage: Choice of up to 1TB HDD or 500GB high-performance HDD ODD: Optional 9.5 mm DVD Super Multi Drive Memory: Up to 2 x 8 GB DDR3L (1600 MHz) Connectivity: 2 x USB 3.0, 1 x USB 2.0, 1 x HDMI®, 1 x RGB, 1 x SD slot, Intel® WiDiTM headphone/mic combo jack, Intel® Wi-Fi (802.11 ac/a/b/g/n4), Bluetooth® 4.0, Gigabit LAN HD webcam Operating System: Choice of Windows 8.1 Pro, Windows 8.1 or Windows 7 Professional Security: HDD 3D sensor, Trusted Platform Module 1.25, KensingtonTM lock port Battery life: Up to 7.5 hours6 Colour: Black Dimensions: 379 x 258 x 23.95 mm Weight: Starting from 2.3 kg -ENDS- 1 Applicable on 4th generation Intel Core i3 and i5 models only. Subject to the Terms and Conditions, should your laptop break within one year of purchase you may be eligible to claim a free Standard Warranty repair and a refund of the purchase price. Claims can only be made if the laptop has been registered within 30 days of purchase. Visit www.toshiba.co.uk/innovation/generic/reliability/ for full Terms and Conditions. 2 Terms and conditions apply, see website for more details. 3 Available as an accessory in selected markets, sold separately. 4 Selected models only 5 Applies to 4th generation Intel Core i5 models only 6 Based on MobileMark 2012 Media Contacts For more information on specifications or press images, please contact the Toshiba team at Fever on 020 7792 7488 or 020 7792 7488 or toshiba@feverpr.com For access to the latest news, past press releases, image libraries and media contacts; www.toshiba.co.uk/press Connect Online Visit Toshiba’s website for the latest product details, specifications and more: www.toshiba.co.uk All trademarks mentioned herein are the property of their respective owners. Exact product specifications depend on model and local availability. About Toshiba Toshiba Corporation, a Fortune Global 500 company, channels world-class capabilities in advanced electronic and electrical product and systems into five strategic business domains: Energy & Infrastructure, Community Solutions, Healthcare Systems & Services, Electronic Devices & Components, and Lifestyles Products & Services. Guided by the principles of The Basic Commitment of the Toshiba Group, “Committed to People, Committed to the Future”, Toshiba promotes global operations towards securing “Growth Through Creativity and Innovation”, and is contributing to the achievement of a world in which people everywhere live in safe, secure and comfortable society. Founded in Tokyo in 1875, today’s Toshiba is at the heart of a global network of over 590 consolidated companies employing over 200,000 people worldwide, with annual sales surpassing 6.5 trillion yen (US$63 billion). To find out more about Toshiba, visit www.toshiba.co.jp/index.htm Toshiba Information Systems (UK) Limited, is a fully owned subsidiary of Toshiba Corporation, Tokyo. Published: 01 Sep 2014 Download as PDF
