London, UK, 3rd September 2014 – Toshiba today unveils its vision of a better future achieved through lifenology at IFA 2014, Berlin in Hall 21a. Drawing on know-how derived from its wide portfolio of essential technologies, Toshiba is creating new value with products and services that improve quality of life for people everywhere. Part of this corporate vision, which encompasses all of Toshiba’s business areas, is the provision of products that support consumer life decisions – giving people technology that allows them to do what they want, the way they want to do it. That’s why at IFA 2014, Toshiba will be showcasing a number of innovations and announcing new products with the potential to enrich lives, and create new value. Mobility as you like it Toshiba Europe will be announcing a range of new form factors as well as expanding upon the existing tablet range to cater for the increasingly varied and mobile needs of today’s consumers. The Satellite Radius 11 is Toshiba’s first 29.5 cm (11.6”) convertible laptop that transforms easily between five different modes. Offering versatility, the Satellite Radius 11 is designed to adapt to the needs of its user, ensuring they have whatever they need to meet the demands of their day. Also key to Toshiba’s line-up at IFA 2014, is the Satellite CL10-B delivering the increased freedom of a light weight device, a long battery life and cloud storage, with Windows 8.1 with Bing. For those who enjoy cloud storage, Toshiba will also unveil its new Chromebook – the Chromebook 2 – a 33.8 cm (13.3”) model with the option of a Full HD IPS display and stereo speakers tuned by Skullcandy® to optimise entertainment experiences. Toshiba’s commitment to increased personal flexibility extends to the development of its tablet range with a new Windows 8.1 with Bing tablet announced at IFA 2014 –the Encore Mini. At just 17.8 cm (7”), the Encore Mini is a highly mobile tablet with an Intel® Atom™ processor for fast performance and a one-year subscription to Microsoft Office 365 Personal. Smart visual experiences for you Toshiba will showcase a prototype of its new Ultra HD 4K TV – the new U series which will launch in Europe during 2015. Combining an Ultra HD (3840 x 2160) resolution display with Toshiba’s advanced CEVO Picture, the new U series delivers exceptional clarity, colours and depth. Toshiba’s personalised auto-recording feature, MediaGuide Replay, will feature for the first time on its Ultra HD range with significantly evolved and enhanced functionality. The new U series will also feature HEVC1 support enabling Ultra HD content playback from a wider variety of sources. Another of Toshiba’s aims is to make more technology available to more people. Affordably priced, with feature options that include an integrated media player, and a range of connectivity choices, the L24 TV series provides all the essentials for the everyday viewer. Two new versions, the 102 cm (40”) L24 and the 127 cm (50”) L24, that offer the greater viewing flexibility of Personal Video Recording (PVR) will be introduced. Innovative storage Also at IFA 2014, Toshiba will launch its first wireless SSD (solid state drive), the Canvio AeroMobile. With integrated wireless functionality and a high speed USB 3.0 port, the Canvio AeroMobile is an essential storage hub for smartphones, PCs, and tablets offering 128 GB of storage with the functionality to transfer data seamlessly between up to eight devices at a time. A long battery life allows for continuous video streaming for up to eight hours and a light and compact design make it the ideal storage device when on the move. Technology for now and the future Toshiba will showcase a number of new and future TV technologies at this year’s IFA, including a 21:9 5K TV with smart screen sharing, evolutions of personal auto-recording service MediaGuide Replay and a 213 cm (84”) mirror display for home theatre that provides a new quality to the living room viewing experience. Among the future home innovations is a bathroom display that highlights a user’s vital signs, transmitted through a bracelet monitor. This will be complemented by mirror displays with the capacity to provide families with weather information, appointments, and even video calling functionality – ideal for use in the kitchen or living room. Also displayed on the stand will be the current extensive range of PCs, TVs, accessories and storage products, an array of choice to suit every scenario and user. -ENDS- 1 High efficiency video codec Media Contacts For more information on specifications or press images, please contact the Toshiba team at Fever on 020 7792 7488 or toshiba@feverpr.com Connect Online Visit Toshiba's website for the latest product details, specifications and more: www.toshiba.co.uk All trademarks mentioned herein are the property of their respective owners. Exact product specifications depend on model and local availability. About Toshiba Toshiba Corporation, a Fortune Global 500 company, channels world-class capabilities in advanced electronic and electrical product and systems into five strategic business domains: Energy & Infrastructure, Community Solutions, Healthcare Systems & Services, Electronic Devices & Components, and Lifestyles Products & Services. Guided by the principles of The Basic Commitment of the Toshiba Group, “Committed to People, Committed to the Future”, Toshiba promotes global operations towards securing “Growth Through Creativity and Innovation”, and is contributing to the achievement of a world in which people everywhere live in safe, secure and comfortable society. Founded in Tokyo in 1875, today’s Toshiba is at the heart of a global network of over 590 consolidated companies employing over 200,000 people worldwide, with annual sales surpassing 6.5 trillion yen (US$63 billion). To find out more about Toshiba, visit www.toshiba.co.jp/index.htm Toshiba Information Systems (UK) Limited, is a fully owned subsidiary of Toshiba Corporation, Tokyo. Published: 03 Sep 2014 Download as PDF
