Announcement demonstrates the continued success and momentum of the Toshiba Platinum Partner Programme following its re-launch last year London, UK, 24th July 2014 – Toshiba UK is pleased to announce the continued momentum of its Partner Programme with new partner Phoenix Software achieving Platinum status. This level of partnership recognises specialist partners within the education, SMB, corporate and government sectors that have undertaken dedicated training from Toshiba, and provide excellent support to a broad customer base. Phoenix Software will work particularly closely with Toshiba within the education market, and is a key supplier of software, services and devices to the sector. The two companies have recently worked together on the Microsoft Technology Access Program, which aims to bring anytime, anywhere learning to students and teachers. “We’re delighted to announce Phoenix Software as a Toshiba Platinum Partner,” said Mark Byrne, Head of Public Sector at Toshiba. “Phoenix Software thoroughly deserves this recognition due to the talent and expertise it will bring to both our business and our customers, especially within education and the public sector. We re-launched our Partner Programme last year with the aim of taking collaboration with our B2B partners even further, and the success of initiatives such as the Microsoft Technology Access Program highlight the strength the Programme is already showing to partners.” Platinum Partners are able to take advantage of exclusive benefits to help drive their business, such as referrals from Toshiba’s website, a fast track for supply of products and early roadmap visibility. Sam Mudd, Director of Phoenix Software stated: “Our aim is one that we share with Toshiba – to use our expertise to ensure customers get the most out of their hardware and software investment, and achieve an agile IT infrastructure that promotes business success. Being named a Toshiba Platinum Partner reinforces the message that we offer top-level support to Toshiba customers. It’s a privilege for us to attain this level with Toshiba, particularly given the excellent range of products and services it offers.” Founded in 1990, Phoenix Software is a new partner of Toshiba, specialising in a significant range of end-to-end IT infrastructure solutions including hardware and devices, cloud services, enterprise software, and unified communications. -ENDS- Media Contact Daniel Migdal Nelson Bostock Communications Daniel.Migdal@nelsonbostock.com 020 7792 7432 For access to the latest news, past press releases and media contacts: www.toshiba.co.uk/press About Toshiba Toshiba Corporation, a Fortune Global 500 company, channels world-class capabilities in advanced electronic and electrical product and systems into five strategic business domains: Energy & Infrastructure, Community Solutions, Healthcare Systems & Services, Electronic Devices & Components, and Lifestyles Products & Services. Guided by the principles of The Basic Commitment of the Toshiba Group, “Committed to People, Committed to the Future”, Toshiba promotes global operations towards securing “Growth Through Creativity and Innovation”, and is contributing to the achievement of a world in which people everywhere live in safe, secure and comfortable society. Founded in Tokyo in 1875, today’s Toshiba is at the heart of a global network of over 590 consolidated companies employing over 200,000 people worldwide, with annual sales surpassing 6.5 trillion yen (US$63 billion). To find out more about Toshiba, visit www.toshiba.co.jp/index.htm Toshiba Information Systems UK Limited, is a fully owned subsidiary of Toshiba Corporation, Tokyo. About Phoenix Software Phoenix Software specialises in end-to-end IT infrastructure solutions including Software Asset Management, licence-management-as-a-service, software licensing, hardware and devices, cloud services, data storage, data centre infrastructure management, enterprise software, servers, network security, unified communications and virtualisation. Supporting customers throughout the entire lifecycle of their software assets, Phoenix Software are able to specify hardware and software from a wide range of leading vendors, to facilitate infrastructure solutions either on-premise or hosted in the cloud. Their aim is to use knowledge and expertise to ensure our customers get the most out of their hardware and software investment, and achieve an agile IT infrastructure that promotes business success. Formed in 1990 by the current owners of the business, today Phoenix Software has group revenues in excess of £85 million. Business activity falls into the broad categories of software supply, software lifecycle management and infrastructure solutions. Corporate and Public Sector customers in the UK and Europe are served by our UK office and extensive global partnerships. To learn more about Phoenix Software, visit www.phoenixs.co.uk Published: 24 Jul 2014 Download as PDF
