London, UK, 18th February: Toshiba UK is expanding its Toshiba Recommends programme for SMBs by offering a free three year membership to Enterprise Nation, an online hub and community offering support to businesses and entrepreneurs. The platform provides multiple benefits, including free expert workshops, as well as a 25% discount on business classes and books. The membership is open for any customer that buys a Toshiba Recommends product. "We are delighted to be building on the benefits of the Toshiba Recommends programme for SMBs," said Santiago Alviar-Baquero, Head of SMB and distribution for Toshiba in Northern Europe. “SMBs are a vital part of the UK economy. Over 500,000 new businesses were created last year alone and with half of the UK’s jobs generated from this sector , it is essential that they are provided with the best support to enable them to succeed. The Enterprise Nation membership will add significant value to a package of SMB benefits already worth over £200.” Emma Jones MBE, founder of Enterprise Nation and co-founder of national enterprise campaign StartUp Britain said: “Our goal at Enterprise Nation is one that we share with Toshiba - to offer SMBs the support they need in order to accelerate growth and sustainability at a crucial time in the business’s development. Toshiba Recommends already presents SMBs with tremendous support, and we at Enterprise Nation hope that Toshiba’s SMB customers can benefit from our membership as much as they do from the existing offering.” The Toshiba Recommends product range offers an array of options suitable for SMBs of all sizes and requirements, including the bestselling Portégé Z930 business UltrabookTM and the Tecra R950 business laptop. The new Enterprise Nation membership adds to several pre-existing benefits of the Toshiba Recommends initiative worth over £200. These include three year Gold on-site warranty, three year support from UK call centres, free next day delivery within the UK, and a free power adaptor and carry case. The partnership with Enterprise Nation is the latest example of Toshiba’s dedication to small businesses, and follows on from previous initiatives such as the Get Modern campaign, designed to raise awareness of the benefits of upgrading from Windows XP, and its Desktop Scrappage Scheme for SMBs, which offered SMBs £200 towards a new Toshiba Portégé Z930 Ultrabook in exchange for their unwanted desktops. It is also an expansion of Toshiba’s pre-existing partnership with Enterprise Nation, which sees it participate in the Marketplace and Growth Vouchers scheme, with £30 million in subsidised business support on offer from the government. -ENDS- Media contact: Daniel Migdal Nelson Bostock Communications Daniel.Migdal@nelsonbostock.com 020 7792 7432 About Toshiba Toshiba is a world-leading diversified manufacturer, solutions provider and marketer of advanced electronic and electrical products and systems. Toshiba Group brings innovation and imagination to a wide range of businesses: digital products, including LCD TVs, notebook PCs, retail solutions and MFPs; electronic devices, including semiconductors, storage products and materials; industrial and social infrastructure systems, including power generation systems, smart community solutions, medical systems and escalators & elevators; and home appliances. Toshiba was founded in 1875, and today operates a global network of more than 590 consolidated companies, with 206,000 employees worldwide and annual sales surpassing 5.8 trillion yen (US$61 billion). Visit Toshiba's web site at www.toshiba.co.uk Toshiba Information Systems UK Limited is a fully owned subsidiary of Toshiba Corporation, Tokyo. Published: 18 Feb 2014 Download as PDF
