Portégé Z20t includes fully detachable tablet with reversible dock to provide versatility and flexibility for professionals depending on use Security and productivity features to suit the advanced business user and enable complete IT management Optimised for the new Intel® Core™ M processor makes the Portégé Z20t ideal for content creation and multi-tasking London, UK, 10th November 2014 – Toshiba UK today announces the new Toshiba Portégé Z20t – a premium detachable 31.75 cm (12.5”) laptop and tablet in one, designed for professional use. The ultra-portable device is optimised for business users and prosumers with a variety of productivity and security features plus the powerful new Intel® Core™ M processors, which support both content creation and consumption with ease. With an extra-long battery life of up to 16 hours1, lightweight chassis and sleek, thin design, the advanced Portégé Z20t is prepared for professional life – whether in or out of the office. Eric Cariou, Vice President, B2B PC, Lifestyle Products & Services Group, Toshiba Europe GmbH, comments: “The Portégé Z20t represents a remarkable technological achievement and delivers everything a modern business professional may require in a full mobile computing experience. Built for professional users, the Portégé Z20t offers a slim-line and lightweight device whether it’s used in laptop or tablet mode in any scenario while still satisfying the security and IT management features that are crucial to any organisation in today’s complex business environment.” Perfectly formed for ultra-flexibility With an optimised form factor and wide range of features for flexible business use, the Portégé Z20t is the ultimate companion for professionals. The optional Wacom digitizer offers superb hand writing recognition so that users can take notes and draw diagrams quickly and clearly in meetings while it can be stored conveniently in a dedicated slot on the tablet to minimize the chances of losing it. Designed as a laptop but equally impressive in tablet mode, the Portégé Z20t features a reversible dock enabling the tablet to be stowed backwards allowing use as a presentation device to a larger group of people. When docked the tablet benefits from the longer battery life and extra connectivity options on the keyboard. For convenience and ease of use, the tablet can be detached using one hand via the simple attach mechanism. The Portégé Z20t also has a Full HD IPS touchscreen display enabling vibrant, clear detail with wide viewing angles in case multiple users want to view the content on screen. The display’s matt finish is perfect for the business user by reducing reflections to allow for work under office lights or even outside. Functionality and productivity are further enhanced by the inclusion of a spill resistant2 backlit keyboard for working in dimly lit environments and an improved key design for easy and comfortable typing. Additionally the integrated Accupoint provides an alternative to the large clickpad for increased accuracy. Ultra-portable all day long When used as a laptop, the battery life is up to an impressive 16 hours1 by combining the charge in both the tablet and keyboard – ideal for use on long haul flights or negates the need to re-charge at the end of every day. If used as a tablet, the battery life will provide a full working day’s use of up to 8 hours1. Weighing from just 799g and measuring only 8.8 mm thin in tablet mode or from 1.59 kg in laptop mode, the Portégé Z20t is also incredibly portable given the computing performance included. Impressive performance in every mode The powerful Portégé Z20t features the Intel® Core™ M processors which enables the optimal combination of battery life and business class performance in a single device. With the inclusion of these processors and Toshiba’s engineering, the Portégé Z20t is housed in a fanless chassis with a premium, black finish that operates silently. The Portégé Z20t includes an SSD of up to 256 GB and up to 8 GB of LPDDR3 memory for superb responsiveness and the ability to run multiple programs with ease. Together with Intel® HD graphics, business users will be able to compute faster making it an exciting yet practical model for use in the office or on the move. Business security for professional peace of mind The Portégé Z20t offers a number of advanced features designed to keep a business’s critical data safe including Toshiba’s EasyGuard suite. Trusted Platform Module (TPM) safeguards the data on local storage, while Intel® Active Management Technology (AMT) allows the IT department to monitor, maintain, repair, update and upgrade machines remotely. Each model has also passed several rigorous tests to meet Toshiba’s quality standards – including the HALT (Highly Accelerated Lifestyle Test) by independent German test institute, TÜV Rheinland® such as drop testing up to 76 cm. A Kensington lock port is available which secures the keyboard to desks or other fixed points and ensures the tablet can’t be detached either when docked. Whether in a large corporate environment or small business, the Portégé Z20t is easy to manage too with advanced manageability options including System Center Configuration Manager (SCCM), Windows Management Instrumentation (WMI), Toshiba Cloud Client Manager (TCCM) and Toshiba Smart Client Manager (TSCM). Connectivity for all scenarios The Portégé Z20t provides extensive options to connect to all the peripherals a business user might need regardless of how it is being used. In tablet mode, a micro HDMI® port, micro USB port and microSD slot are included for connecting to additional screens and fast data transfers. With the keyboard attached, users can make the most of additional connectivity and no need for adapters with a selection of full-size ports including RGB, HDMI®, GBit LAN and 2 x USB 3.0 ports. The Portégé Z20t also allows for stable internet use on the move with optional 3G/4G module and reliable, fast Wi-Fi® access across a range of networks with Wi-Fi® ac/a/b/g/n. The Toshiba Portégé Z20t will be available in the UK during the first quarter of 2015. Toshiba Portégé Z20t: Display: 31.75 cm (12.5”) Full HD (1920 x 1080), 350 NIT, IPS display with 10-finger capacitive touch support or digitzer touch screen Processors: Intel® Core™ M processor Graphics: Intel® HD Graphics 5300 Storage: Up to 256 GB SSD Memory: Up to 8 GB LPDDR3 1600MHz onboard Connectivity: - Tablet – 1 x micro-HDMI®, 1 x micro USB, 1 x microSD, combined audio jack - Laptop – full size RGB, HDMI®, 2x USB 3.0, Kensington lock port Communication: Wi-Fi® 2x2 ac + ac/a/b/g/n, Bluetooth® 4.0, optional 3G/4G combo module, GBit LAN (on keyboard) Full HD front facing webcam with 5 MP rear facing camera Optional Wacom digitzer Security: Toshiba EasyGuard, Trusted Platform Module, Intel® Active Management Technology OS: Windows 8.1 Pro Battery life: - Laptop – up to 161 hours - Tablet only – up to 81 hours Colour: Premium matt black finish Dimensions: - Laptop – 309 x 215 x 21 mm - Tablet only – 309 x 199 x 8.8 mm Weight: - Laptop – from 1.59 kg - Tablet only – from 799 g -ENDS- 1 Based on MobileMark 2012 2Up to 30 ml, allowing users 3 minutes to shut down and save the data Media Contacts For more information on specifications or press images, please contact the Toshiba team at Fever on 020 7792 7488 or 020 7792 7488 or toshiba@feverpr.com For access to the latest news, past press releases, image libraries and media contacts; www.toshiba.co.uk/press Connect Online Visit Toshiba’s website for the latest product details, specifications and more: www.toshiba.co.uk All trademarks mentioned herein are the property of their respective owners. Exact product specifications depend on model and local availability. About Toshiba Toshiba Corporation, a Fortune Global 500 company, channels world-class capabilities in advanced electronic and electrical product and systems into five strategic business domains: Energy & Infrastructure, Community Solutions, Healthcare Systems & Services, Electronic Devices & Components, and Lifestyles Products & Services. Guided by the principles of The Basic Commitment of the Toshiba Group, “Committed to People, Committed to the Future”, Toshiba promotes global operations towards securing “Growth Through Creativity and Innovation”, and is contributing to the achievement of a world in which people everywhere live in safe, secure and comfortable society. Founded in Tokyo in 1875, today’s Toshiba is at the heart of a global network of over 590 consolidated companies employing over 200,000 people worldwide, with annual sales surpassing 6.5 trillion yen (US$63 billion). To find out more about Toshiba, visit www.toshiba.co.jp/index.htm Toshiba Europe GmbH, headquartered in Neuss, Germany, is a subsidiary of Toshiba Corporation, Tokyo, Japan, and Toshiba Lifestyle Products & Services Corporation, Tokyo, Japan. Published: 10 Nov 2014 Download as PDF
