CEVO Picture technology combined with Ultra HD 4K resolution delivers outstanding picture quality Next generation MediaGuide Replay includes intelligent and intuitive new features HEVC decoding support allows playback of a wider range of Ultra HD content London, UK, 3rd September 2014 – Toshiba will be showcasing a prototype of its new U series Ultra HD 4K TV at IFA 2014 ahead of the product’s launch in 2015. Being one of the first manufacturers to pioneer Ultra HD models into the market, the new series will feature the latest Toshiba innovations and technologies including a more advanced MediaGuide Replay, CEVO Picture and HEVC support. Offering a stunningly detailed display with a resolution up to four times that of Full HD, all new models will come in a premium, slim design. Further detail regarding the new U series will be announced closer to European availability in 2015 while it will be previewed in Hall 21a, at IFA 2014 in Berlin. Personalised recordings with increased flexibility The new U series will be Toshiba’s first Ultra HD model to feature MediaGuide Replay – an intelligent personalised auto-recommendation service – originally introduced on Toshiba’s L74 series. As well as recommending users future programmes to record based on their previous viewing habits, the U series models will see a significant evolution of MediaGuide Replay introducing new intelligent features and innovative functionality. Part of this new functionality will augment the user experience between the TV and a companion device, such as a tablet, while adding new intuitive features enabling greater convenience whether at home or when out. Intensely watchable The incredible definition of the Ultra HD display comes to life further through Toshiba’s established CEVO Picture technology displaying sharp and highly watchable content thanks to the advanced backlight system. Depth of detail and richness has been improved thanks to the use of wider LEDs and range of colours. Through chipset restoration technology, part of CEVO Picture, colour and brightness that is lost during the recording process due to compression can be restored to their original state. All of these elements combine to provide users with a significantly better viewing experience down to the last detail. View more in Ultra HD Toshiba’s new U series will support the latest standard for video decoding, HEVC1, which will enable the playback of Ultra HD content via internet streaming, USB or SD cards and provide greater compatibility to display 4K/60p content. As a result, via these methods, users will be able to watch high resolution movies and other content with stunning detail and vivid sharpness. The new U series will be housed in a sleek, stylish design that will fit seamlessly into any contemporary living space. With a slim sandblasted metal trim, the U series features a modern chrome stand for further elegance. -ENDS- Specifications are preliminary and subject to change. All trademarks mentioned herein are the property of their respective owners. Exact product specifications depend on model and local availability. Connect Online Visit Toshiba's website for the latest product details, specifications and more: www.toshiba.co.uk About Toshiba Toshiba Corporation, a Fortune Global 500 company, channels world-class capabilities in advanced electronic and electrical product and systems into five strategic business domains: Energy & Infrastructure, Community Solutions, Healthcare Systems & Services, Electronic Devices & Components, and Lifestyles Products & Services. Guided by the principles of The Basic Commitment of the Toshiba Group, “Committed to People, Committed to the Future”, Toshiba promotes global operations towards securing “Growth Through Creativity and Innovation”, and is contributing to the achievement of a world in which people everywhere live in safe, secure and comfortable society. Founded in Tokyo in 1875, today’s Toshiba is at the heart of a global network of over 590 consolidated companies employing over 200,000 people worldwide, with annual sales surpassing 6.5 trillion yen (US$63 billion). To find out more about Toshiba, visit www.toshiba.co.jp/index.htm Toshiba Information Systems (UK) Limited, is a fully owned subsidiary of Toshiba Corporation, Tokyo. Published: 03 Sep 2014 Download as PDF
