London, UK, 19th March 2014 – Toshiba UK today announces the new Satellite P50t – ideal for visual creative professionals and multimedia enthusiasts, it offers outstanding levels of portable picture quality, delivering true-to-life image production alongside a premium mobile entertainment experience. With the option of a 3840 x 2160 4k screen, the P50t is Toshiba’s first laptop with an Ultra HD display. Alternatively, a Full HD (1920 x 1080) screen is available. The Satellite P50t was built to take on the most intensive computing demands and turn heads at the same time. With a rare blend of power and beauty, the premium built P50t offers the perfect solution for strenuous multi-tasking, media creation and gaming. Picture perfect, touch optimised On the P50t’s 15.6” (39.6 cm) Ultra HD display, every detail is shown with crystal-clear definition and houses four times as many pixels as a Full HD screen featuring 282 PPI (pixels per inch) resulting in smoother imagery, and an astounding level of detail. The display allows for higher resolutions and wider viewing angles meaning photographers, graphic designers and entertainment enthusiasts can create, review and playback to an exceptional professional standard from anywhere, at any time. Each Ultra HD display is individually calibrated by ChromaTuneTM and is Technicolor® Color Certified during production to realise natural colour expression with an accurate colour gamut to ensure true to life imagery. In addition users can manage individual colour space control of wide-gamut displays and apply to a variety of software applications depending on their use by preinstalled ChromaTuneTM for Toshiba software. As a result, everything displayed on screen is reproduced according to the original intent and there are no mismatches when viewing photos or other imagery. This premium combination of display features also enhances the P50t’s entertainment capability with users being able to benefit from the 10-point intuitive touchscreen providing a natural way to navigate Windows 8.1 and other touch centric applications. The addition of an anti-fingerprint coating prevents any unwanted marks on the screen while the edge to edge flush screen makes for a frameless touch experience. Touch sensitivity is also increased for better responsiveness. Pure performance The Satellite P50t’s Intel® 4th generation Core Quad-Core™ i7 processor takes on even the most demanding tasks with ease – even when multiple applications are running at the same time. Ideal for creating and viewing large media files, the P50t’s power is complimented by AMD® Radeon™ R9 M265X enthusiast graphics, and 2GB of GDDR5 VRAM delivering a smooth and seamless editing and gaming experience. Together these components ensure premium performance supporting individual productivity and entertainment in turn. Additionally, the P50t’s generous storage configuration means users benefit from an HDD of up to 1TB – ideal for those with larger libraries of music and media files. Maximising the entertainment experience For truly immersive portable media, both models also have harman/kardon® speakers built-in, ensuring outstanding music, film and online audio playback. DTS SoundTM has also been incorporated, complementing the quality of the speakers, and augmenting the laptop’s multimedia capability. The Sleep-and-Music function allows users to listen to their favourite tunes via the in-built speakers, even when their laptop is hibernating. In a premium, all-round PC, the small details count. A Blu-rayTM BD-RE (XL) drive is available, and users can enjoy their favourite content to its full capability on their big screen TV thanks to Ultra HD and 3D support on the HDMI® output . In addition, content can be easily shared with other devices without the need for wires thanks to the inclusion of Intel® Wireless Display, while four super-fast USB 3.0 ports allow for the quick transfer of files. Stunning design With aluminium clamshell casing and chrome accents, the Satellite P50t’s chassis is as striking as its on-screen visuals; its chic design making the series ideal for urban trend-setters. From the frameless, LED-backlit keyboard to the large clickpad, the P50t is stylishly defined, each feature adding to the usability of what is a powerful yet portable device. John Lewis will be the launch partner for the Satellite P50t, which will be available during the second quarter of 2014. Toshiba Satellite P50t - Processors: 4th generation Intel® Quad-Core™ i7 Graphics: AMD® Radeon™ R9 M265X with 2GB GDDR5 VRAM 1 TB HDD 5400rpm Memory: Up to 16GB DDR3L RAM (1,600 MHz) Connectivity: 4x USB 3.0 incl. 1x Sleep-and-Charge, 1x HDMI®-out (with Ultra HD and 3D support1), SD/SDHC slot supporting UHS-II, Mic-in with Sleep-and-Music, Headphone out, Bluetooth® 4.0, Intel® Wireless Display, Intel® Dual Band Wireless-AC 3160, Gigabit LAN Audio: 2x Harman Kardon® stereo speakers with Slip Stream Technology tuned by DTS Sound™ audio enhancement HD webcam Resolution+ OS: Windows 8.1 64 bit Battery life: Up to 5 hours2 Colour: Smart silver with hairline finish Weight: 2.2 kg Display: 39.6 cm (15.6") Ultra HD 3840 x 2160 screen with LED backlighting, 282 PPI and 300 NITs or 39.6 cm (15.6”) TruBrite® Full HD 1920 x 1080 IPS screen with LED backlighting, 300 NITs Ultra HD display: True-to-life colour calibration by ChromaTune™ and Technicolor® certified, plus preinstalled ChromaTuneTM for TOSHIBA software Touchscreen with 10 point touch support ODD: Blu-rayTM BD-RE (XL) drive Dimensions: 377.5 x 244 x 27.9 mm -ENDS- 1Compatible TVs required 2 Based on MobileMark 2012 Media Contacts For more information on specifications or press images, please contact the Toshiba team at Fever on 020 7792 7488 or toshiba@feverpr.com. For access to the latest news, past press releases, image libraries and media contacts: www.toshiba.co.uk/press Connect Online Visit Toshiba’s website for the latest product details, specifications and more: www.toshiba.co.uk Alternatively, connect with Toshiba on our social media channels: www.facebook.com/toshibauk; www.twitter.com/toshibauk; www.youtube.com/toshibauk All trademarks mentioned herein are the property of their respective owners. Exact product specifications depend on model and local availability. About Toshiba Toshiba is a world-leading diversified manufacturer, solutions provider and marketer of advanced electronic and electrical products and systems. Toshiba Group brings innovation and imagination to a wide range of businesses: digital products, including LCD TVs, notebook PCs, retail solutions and MFPs; electronic devices, including semiconductors, storage products and materials; industrial and social infrastructure systems, including power generation systems, smart community solutions, medical systems and escalators & elevators; and home appliances. Toshiba was founded in 1875, and today operates a global network of more than 590 consolidated companies, with 206,000 employees worldwide and annual sales surpassing 5.8 trillion yen (US$61 billion). Visit Toshiba's web site at www.toshiba.co.jp/index.htm Toshiba Information Systems UK Limited, is a fully owned subsidiary of Toshiba Corporation, Tokyo. Published: 19 Mar 2014 Download as PDF
