Option of a Full HD display combined with stereo speakers tuned by Skullcandy® for immersive entertainment anywhere Mobility meets productivity – thin, light and travel-friendly and plenty of screen space for work, study or play Extended battery life of up to 11.5 hours1 allows for all day use on the go London, UK, 3rd September 2014 – Toshiba UK today announces the Chromebook 2 – a new 33.8 cm (13.3”) Chromebook for users wanting to enjoy entertainment and productivity on the move. With a choice of Full HD IPS or non-reflective HD screen, and invisible stereo speakers tuned by Skullcandy®, Toshiba’s Chromebook 2 delivers impressive sound and vision whilst offering everything required for work, play and study. Quality entertainment anywhere Toshiba’s new Chromebook delivers a high quality entertainment experience that users can take and enjoy everywhere. The bright, crisp 33.8cm (13.3") display is available in both the stunning definition of Full HD to really bring movies to life and HD for crisp detail. Whether browsing the web, playing games at home or watching videos on the move, users can immerse themselves in every detail. To complete the entertainment experience, stereo speakers tuned by Skullcandy® are hidden away under the keyboard providing more depth and distinction to every note. Portability and performance combined Weighing just 1.35 kg, and featuring a thin tapered silhouette, Toshiba’s Chromebook 2 was made to travel light and is the perfect balance of style and mobility. The solid edges and blast silver finish with dot pattern gives the clamshell design a sleek, modern finish. Portability is further enhanced with a battery life of up to 11.5 hours1 to provide all day use on the go without the need to connect to a power source whether browsing the web in a café or travelling. Add to that the power of the Intel® Celeron® processor, and users can get straight to being productive or staying entertained, all day long. From a fast start-up to getting online with Google Chrome, there’s no waiting around with Toshiba’s Chromebook 2 as users can quickly access all their updates, apps and stored files. With the ability to open existing familiar file formats and work on them offline, users can enjoy a consistent experience across all their devices and make sharing easier. The added convenience of a full-size frameless tile keyboard with large click pad increases ease of use. Easy and effective communication The high quality HD webcam enables users to experience incredibly clear video conversations with their friends, family and colleagues. The sharp picture and smooth video, combined with dual microphones for noise reduction2 mean users can hear their audio clearly without background distractions at a time and place that suits them best. Simplified storage that’s highly accessible Toshiba’s new Chromebook is perfectly set up for users to store data in the cloud. With Wi-Fi® connectivity and 100 GB of free cloud3 storage via the pre-installed Google Drive, data is automatically backed up and synchronised making it easy to save, edit and pass information across different devices. As part of the Google Drive service, users can also enjoy the use of Google Docs which facilitates the editing, sharing and use of files online plus access a wide choice of Google apps pre-installed or via the Chrome Web Store. Syncing and sharing files between mobile devices is simple too, as this Chromebook is fully compatible with AndroidTM phones. Essential connections With Toshiba’s Chromebook 2, connecting to other devices is quick and simple. Two USB ports make it easy to transfer data at speed and because the USB 3.0 port also supports Sleep-and-Charge, there’s the added advantage of portable power. Users can charge their smartphone or MP3 player while the Chromebook 2 is sleeping, for a convenient boost on the move. Entertainment can be extended to a larger external screen using the HDMI® port while with the SD media slot, users can quickly and easily switch photos and other files between compatible devices. Toshiba’s Chromebook 2 will be available in the UK during the first quarter of 2015. Toshiba’s Chromebook 2: Display: 33.8 cm (13.3”) 16:9 aspect ratio with 1366 x 768p (HD) or 1920 x 1080p (Full HD) resolution IPS display Processors: Intel® Celeron® Graphics: Intel® integrated Storage: 16 GB eMMC plus 100 GB free Cloud storage via Google Drive3 Memory: 4 GB DDR3L (1600 MHz) for the Full HD model, 2 GB DDR3L (1600MHz) for the HD model Connectivity: 1x HDMI®-out, 1x USB 2.0, 1x USB 3.0 (including Sleep-and-Charge), SD/SDHC slot, headphone/mic combo jack, security lock Communication: Intel® Wireless LAN (802.11ac+agn), Bluetooth® 4.0, HD webcam with dual microphones OS: Chrome OS Audio: Stereo speakers tuned by Skullcandy® Battery life: Up to 11.5 hours (HD model) or up to 9 hours (Full HD model) Colour: Blast silver with dot pattern Dimensions: 320 x 214 x 19.3 mm Weight: 1.35 kg -ENDS- 1 Measured by Google battery life test method. 11.5 hour battery life relates to the HD model. Full HD model offers up to 9 hours. 2 Will be supported by software update. 3 100 GB of free storage for 2 years, starting on the date the Google Drive offer is redeemed. Media Contacts For more information on specifications or press images, please contact the Toshiba team at Fever on 020 7792 7488 or toshiba@feverpr.com Connect Online Visit Toshiba's website for the latest product details, specifications and more: www.toshiba.co.uk All trademarks mentioned herein are the property of their respective owners. Exact product specifications depend on model and local availability. About Toshiba Toshiba Corporation, a Fortune Global 500 company, channels world-class capabilities in advanced electronic and electrical product and systems into five strategic business domains: Energy & Infrastructure, Community Solutions, Healthcare Systems & Services, Electronic Devices & Components, and Lifestyles Products & Services. Guided by the principles of The Basic Commitment of the Toshiba Group, “Committed to People, Committed to the Future”, Toshiba promotes global operations towards securing “Growth Through Creativity and Innovation”, and is contributing to the achievement of a world in which people everywhere live in safe, secure and comfortable society. Founded in Tokyo in 1875, today’s Toshiba is at the heart of a global network of over 590 consolidated companies employing over 200,000 people worldwide, with annual sales surpassing 6.5 trillion yen (US$63 billion). To find out more about Toshiba, visit www.toshiba.co.jp/index.htm Toshiba Information Systems (UK) Limited, is a fully owned subsidiary of Toshiba Corporation, Tokyo. Published: 03 Sep 2014 Download as PDF
