BETT London, UK, 22nd January 2014: Toshiba UK today announces a complete solution allowing schools to easily and seamlessly integrate tablet technology into teaching. The solution bundles Toshiba’s Excite tablets with software which distributes content and sets-up devices ready for lessons. To help schools prepare the devices and plan lessons with digital content, the bundle also includes training. The new solution with be available from Toshiba resellers in January 2014. Toshiba has worked with the education software provider Avantis Systems Ltd, to enable compatibility of their LearnPadConnect™ platform with Toshiba’s range of Excite tablets. LearnPadConnect™ allows pupils to interact with educational content on their tablet devices in a way that is secure and regulated by the school, giving teachers full control of what they access during lessons. It enables staff to monitor students’ progress with a particular task from their own device throughout a lesson, as well as assist pupils remotely. They can also select activity on any tablet to be displayed on an interactive whiteboard in front of the class. “The launch of these Excite education bundles demonstrates our continued commitment to providing compelling, tailored propositions for the education sector,” says Jeff Willis, Business Director, Solutions, Toshiba Europe GmbH. “We’re confident that the combination of LearnPadConnect’s™ controlled, secure and child-friendly interface, with the lightweight, reliable and powerful performance of Toshiba’s Excite range, will prove appealing to a range of educational establishments.” This collaboration with Avantis follows the implemention of LearnPadConnect™ on its AT300 tablets, which enjoyed successful deployments at both primary and secondary schools. ”We’re keen to build on this success with our latest Excite bundles, which will be offered as a choice of 15 or 30 tablets with LearnPadConnect™, alongside a menu of training,” adds Willis. “This ranges from initial product set-ups, to how the solution can support the wider curriculum.” “We invested in Toshiba Tablets with LearnPadConnect™ in Autumn last year,” adds James Webb, Head of IT Systems at King Richard Secondary School, Portsmouth. “Staff felt it would be a good way to prepare students for working life in the digital age, aid self-led research and improve their problem solving skills. The Toshiba tablets with LearnPadConnect™ achieved this and more, and that’s according to not only staff and parents, but most importantly the pupils as well.” Toshiba’s Excite tablet range was selected for the bundles due to the devices’ slim, light and portable design and excellent battery life, as well as the powerful, intuitive performance and multimedia capabilities they can offer. Each is designed to open doors to more interactive and engaging ways of working – for example, the Excite Write is available with a digitiser pen, allowing pupils to switch between touch, typing and writing on the screen. The announcement marks Toshiba’s latest drive to support partners in the education sector, following the relaunch of its Partner Programme last year. This represented a renewed commitment to vertical markets, through the provision of industry experts, programmes and marketing collateral tailored to education, as well as SMB, corporate and public sector. - Ends - About Toshiba Toshiba is a world-leading diversified manufacturer, solutions provider and marketer of advanced electronic and electrical products and systems. Toshiba Group brings innovation and imagination to a wide range of businesses: digital products, including LCD TVs, notebook PCs, retail solutions and MFPs; electronic devices, including semiconductors, storage products and materials; industrial and social infrastructure systems, including power generation systems, smart community solutions, medical systems and escalators & elevators; and home appliances. Toshiba was founded in 1875, and today operates a global network of more than 550 consolidated companies, with 202,000 employees worldwide and annual sales surpassing 6.1 trillion yen (US$74 billion). Visit Toshiba's web site at www.toshiba.co.jp/index.htm Toshiba Information Systems UK Limited, is a fully owned subsidiary of Toshiba Corporation, Tokyo. Media contacts Sophie Williams sophie.williams@nelsonbostock.com +44 (0)20 7792 7407 Published: 22 Jan 2014 Download as PDF
