London, UK, 27th January 2014 – Toshiba Europe GmbH is announcing its entry into the business display market by attending this year’s Integrated Systems Europe (ISE) event in Amsterdam, from the 4th-6th February 2014 in Hall 8-240. It’s the first time Toshiba has exhibited at the popular tradeshow aimed at the professional AV and electronic systems industry where visitors can expect to see Toshiba’s current and new range of solutions. Toshiba means business Attendance at ISE 2014 marks Toshiba Europe’s entry into the professional AV market. With a strong heritage in this field in other regions including Japan dating back to the early 1990s, Toshiba has recently launched in the UK, France and Germany with expansion to other countries planned in Europe during 2014. Combining knowledge and technologies taken from the company’s presence in the consumer market, with tailored solutions for the professional market such as all day usage, extended warranties and hotel modes, makes Toshiba ideally placed to enter this growing market. This new category will be operated through a distribution model capitalising upon Toshiba’s experience in the business laptop market. Toshiba will be entering the market with a wide range of products, positioned to cater for the various sector’s needs and requirements such as education, hospitality, healthcare, transport, retail and leisure. Current solutions available include professional signage displays incorporating 24/7 operation and OPS connectivity designed for all-day advertising to smaller screen hospitality TVs for use in hotels and Ultra HD models. The emergence of Ultra HD, of which Toshiba were pioneers in the consumer market, and internet connectivity are two examples of where expertise can be transferred from existing areas of the business. With four times sharper pictures than Full HD, Ultra HD is ideal for use in sectors such as retail, design and architecture. In addition increased connectivity in today’s displays opens up more flexibility for use in business applications, whether it be delivering more content options or controlling a range of displays from one central point. On show at ISE 2014 On Toshiba’s ISE 2014 stand (8-H240), visitors will be introduced to a range of products and solutions designed for the business sector with new announcements also being made. In addition concepts will be displayed providing an insight into the products and solutions that could be implemented in the future. A summary of products on show are: Hospitality TVs – integrated ‘Hotel mode’ and screen sizes available in sizes up to 102 cm (40”) Signage TVs – built-in signage display feature available in sizes up to 126 cm (50”) screen sizes Pro-signage Monitors – 24/7 operation available in sizes up to 178 cm (70”) screen sizes Smart Signage Management Systems – connected solutions from one central management point Ultra HD TVs – 4K display resolution available in sizes up to 213 cm (84”) screen sizes Touchscreen Bezels – 6 point optical touchscreen bezels available in sizes up to 178 cm (70”) sizes -ENDS- Media contacts Sophie Williams sophie.williams@nelsonbostock.com +44 (0)20 7792 7407 Connect Online Visit Toshiba’s website for the latest product details, specifications and more: www.toshiba.co.uk Alternatively, connect with Toshiba on our social media channels: www.facebook.com/toshibauk;www.twitter.com/toshibauk;www.youtube.com/toshibauk About Toshiba Toshiba is a world-leading diversified manufacturer, solutions provider and marketer of advanced electronic and electrical products and systems. Toshiba Group brings innovation and imagination to a wide range of businesses: digital products, including LCD TVs, notebook PCs, retail solutions and MFPs; electronic devices, including semiconductors, storage products and materials; industrial and social infrastructure systems, including power generation systems, smart community solutions, medical systems and escalators & elevators; and home appliances. Toshiba was founded in 1875, and today operates a global network of more than 590 consolidated companies, with 206,000 employees worldwide and annual sales surpassing 5.8 trillion yen (US$61 billion). Visit Toshiba's web site at www.toshiba.co.jp/index.htm Toshiba Europe GmbH, headquartered in Neuss, Germany, is a fully owned subsidiary of Toshiba Corporation, Tokyo. Published: 27 Jan 2014 Download as PDF
