Neuss, Germany, 4th February 2014 – Toshiba Europe GmbH today announces the TUM-32PRO1 – a stylish 80 cm (32”) Ultra HD (UHD) monitor with an Adobe RGB 99% colour gamut to bring high quality and crisp clarity to visual creative professionals. With multiple picture modes, and a 4K panel with wide viewing angle that displays a true-to-life picture, it’s the ideal choice for photo editing, video production and design use. The TUM-32PRO1 was made for professionals who demand the highest image quality, every day. From the film industry to the medical industry, this monitor is perfect for viewing the sharpest images with excellent colour reproduction. Broadcasters, movie producers and designers can also view their work in broadcast setting mode and benefit from a variety of picture modes. Lifelike colour reproduction The TUM-32PRO1 is compatible with 99% of the colour gamut of Adobe Systems’ Adobe RGB which is largely recognised as the industry standard. Covering an increased colour range, particularly for blues and greens, makes it suited for use in publishing as it is possible to reach true colour reproduction almost the same as printed materials for better simulation. The monitor also comes with a 10-bit performance, to bring an incredible 1,073,740,000 colours to life – plus an impressive range of image enhancements that combine to produce a truly lifelike picture. Photographers, printers and publishers can take photos using an Adobe RGB compatible camera, and see its enhanced colour reproduced on the monitor and then replicated in print. In addition, the TUM-32PRO1 is also compatible with major industry colour standards such as BT-709, SMPTE-C and EBU. Thanks to the TV and movie modes, it’s possible to view video content in a similar way to normal TV sets. See the difference The TUM-32PRO1 features a low reflection film to reduce glare from external lighting sources, so light levels and reflections never get in the way of image production. In addition, the Direct LED backlit screen with individually controlled local dimming zones increases contrast levels while the effects of motion blurring are reduced due to the backlight scanning. Toshiba’s uniformity correction circuit automatically adjusts and ensures that brightness and colour is reproduced right across the screen. For users not working with Ultra HD content, the TUM-32PRO1 also gives users the option to bring images up to 4K standard with its proprietary super resolution technology – for an easy and effective way to improve the quality of presentations, demonstrations and exhibitions. Fully equipped, simple to use Despite its range of features, the TUM-32PRO1 is very simple to operate. The monitor includes an X-Rite colour calibration tool that allows users to achieve a faithful reproduction of colours and shades. Users can quickly make precision adjustments to the picture via LAN from their PC or tablet allowing full adjustment without interference of an on-screen menu. Designed, engineered and produced in Japan, the TUM-32PRO1 displays quality across every element. The adjustable stand supports both landscape and portrait modes for greater flexibility, while the shading cover is particularly useful for environments with high levels of ambient light, as it can be attached to reduce glare. The TUM-32PRO1 Ultra HD monitor will be available in Europe during the first quarter of 2014. Toshiba TUM-32PRO1: Panel: 3840 x 2160 Ultra HD display with Direct LED backlight Supports Adobe RGB 99%, sRGB, BT-709, EBU, SMPTE-C and TV/Movie picture modes X- Rite colour calibration tool included Low reflection film Connectivity: 2 x HDMI®, DisplayPort (Multi-stream), 1 x USB (calibration sensor / maintenance only), 1 x LAN and 1 x headphone jack Included accessories: shading frame, screen cleaning kit, HDMI® cable, LAN cable, DisplayPort cable Screen size: 80 cm (32”) Display area (V x H): 697.92 x 392.58 mm -ENDS- Media Contacts Sophie Williams Sophie.williams@nelsonbostock.com +44 (0)20 7792 7407 Connect Online Visit Toshiba’s website for the latest product details, specifications and more: www.toshiba.eu All trademarks mentioned herein are the property of their respective owners. Exact product specifications depend on model and local availability. About Toshiba Toshiba is a world-leading diversified manufacturer, solutions provider and marketer of advanced electronic and electrical products and systems. Toshiba Group brings innovation and imagination to a wide range of businesses: digital products, including LCD TVs, notebook PCs, retail solutions and MFPs; electronic devices, including semiconductors, storage products and materials; industrial and social infrastructure systems, including power generation systems, smart community solutions, medical systems and escalators & elevators; and home appliances. Toshiba was founded in 1875, and today operates a global network of more than 590 consolidated companies, with 206,000 employees worldwide and annual sales surpassing 5.8 trillion yen (US$61 billion). Visit Toshiba's web site at www.toshiba.co.jp/index.htm Toshiba Europe GmbH, headquartered in Neuss, Germany, is a fully owned subsidiary of Toshiba Corporation, Tokyo. Published: 04 Feb 2014 Download as PDF
