Neuss, Germany, 4th February 2014 – Toshiba Europe GmbH today announces the new 80 cm (32”) super wide P32LC12 display. A unique screen with a 32:9 format makes it ideal for businesses that need to make a big impact within a limited space and suited for use in applications such as retail and transport. Users can also easily store and playback their photos, videos and music content, thanks to the built-in media player, scheduler and internal memory. High impact image reproduction The P32LC12’s 32:9 format half-height panel was designed for businesses who need to clearly communicate information, messages and advertisements, but are restricted in terms of physical space. A 1920 x 540 resolution provides precise image reproduction while the display can be installed either in portrait or landscape orientation offering businesses greater flexibility and choice in where it is utilised. Its high brightness 900cd/m2 LED backlit screen also helps the display stand out from the crowd, in both light and dark ambient lighting conditions. Further, the P32LC12’s IPS LCD panel offers a wider viewing angle, so content on the signage can be seen from a variety of positions. Designed for easy media playback In addition to its super-sharp image reproduction, users can benefit from the P32LC12’s 4GB of internal memory, which provides storage without the need for attaching external devices. Alternatively content such as photos and videos can be input via HDMI®, DVI and BNC ports. The addition of an integrated media player allows easy playback while the scheduler tool enables businesses to programme in precisely when they would like to playback their content. A 10W speaker output enables clear audio to attract audiences to the display’s content. Built to last The P32LC12 is incredibly robust to give the display greater longevity in almost all business environments. This durability is supported by the sturdy IPS LCD screen and innovative fanless ventilation mechanism, which limits the amount of dust infiltrating internal parts for an improved, longer-lasting performance. The LED backlit panel also results in lower power consumption saving costs over time. The P32LC12 super wide display will be available in Europe during the first quarter of 2014. Toshiba P32CL12: Panel: 1920 x 540 IPS LED backlit display Brightness: 900cd/m2 max 4GB Internal memory Built-in media player and scheduler Fanless design Input terminal: USB, HDMI®, DVI-I, BNC Media formats: WMV, MP4, JPEG, BMP, PNG, MP3, AAC Audio out: 5W + 5W speaker outputs Screen size: 80 cm (32”) Display area dimensions (H x V): 698.4 x 196.45mm -ENDS- Media Contacts Sophie Williams Sophie.williams@nelsonbostock.com +44 (0)20 7792 7407 Connect Online Visit Toshiba’s website for the latest product details, specifications and more: www.toshiba.co.uk All trademarks mentioned herein are the property of their respective owners. Exact product specifications depend on model and local availability. About Toshiba Toshiba is a world-leading diversified manufacturer, solutions provider and marketer of advanced electronic and electrical products and systems. Toshiba Group brings innovation and imagination to a wide range of businesses: digital products, including LCD TVs, notebook PCs, retail solutions and MFPs; electronic devices, including semiconductors, storage products and materials; industrial and social infrastructure systems, including power generation systems, smart community solutions, medical systems and escalators & elevators; and home appliances. Toshiba was founded in 1875, and today operates a global network of more than 590 consolidated companies, with 206,000 employees worldwide and annual sales surpassing 5.8 trillion yen (US$61 billion). Visit Toshiba's web site at www.toshiba.co.jp/index.htm Toshiba Europe GmbH, headquartered in Neuss, Germany, is a fully owned subsidiary of Toshiba Corporation, Tokyo. Published: 04 Feb 2014 Download as PDF
