London, UK, 6th January 2014 – Toshiba UK today announces the new Toshiba KIRA™, to be available in France, Germany and the UK. The 33.8 cm (13.3”) Ultrabook™ with Windows 8.1 Pro where inspired design and innovative features combine to deliver a premium user experience. Pixel-perfect, powerful and ultra-portable, KIRA™ is the ideal fusion of true-to-life colour rendering, image sharpness, slim elegance and exceptional performance for consumers looking for the ultimate in computing. “KIRA™ is the ultimate Toshiba Ultrabook™ and testament to our innovation,” says Matt McDowell, Marketing Director, Lifestyle Products and Service Group at Toshiba Europe GmbH. “Each individual component is of an extremely high quality – and together, they deliver incredible power and performance. This strength is then perfectly matched by a luxury design that reflects Toshiba’s meticulous craftsmanship. Every last detail of form and function was designed to benefit the customer. From the ultra high resolution display to the high-capacity battery, KIRA™ is so refined that it resets every expectation of what an Ultrabook™ can be.” Stunningly detailed, instantly touchable With 90 percent more pixels than standard HD, the ultra-high resolution screen delivers an eye-opening experience. The 33.8 cm (13.3”) KIRA™ packs 221 pixels per inch into its stunning 2560 x 1440 PixelPure display, while colour calibration provides true-to-life images and graphics. As a result, text is razor sharp, photos, movies and games are much clearer and vibrant and the higher resolution allows more content to fit on the screen at once. This head-turning display is more touchable too. With a fingerprint-resistant touchscreen housed under tough Corning® Concore™ glass, the smooth surface offers 10-point multi-touch flexibility - while minimising any damage this could potentially cause. It’s also the perfect way to navigate the intuitive Windows 8.1 Pro operating system. Redefining the Ultrabook™ KIRA™ rewrites the rules for ultra-powerful, high-performance devices. The premium design has been slimmed right down to 9.5 mm at its thinnest point, which gives it a sleek, subtle profile. This also contributes to the lighter weight of the Ultrabook™, which is a mere 1.35 kg, to give this high-end device its luxury feel. The perfect union of beauty and comfort, KIRA™ ticks all the boxes for a laptop that goes anywhere and manages every task, in style. KIRA™ gets its high durability from using AZ91 pressed magnesium alloy, while retaining an elegant brushed metal finish and ultra-portability. Honeycomb reinforcement has also been applied to the areas put under the most pressure, such as the palm rest, to strengthen the structure. A stabilising hinge is then added to make KIRA™ easy to open – all while minimising any bounceback when the touchscreen is pressed, tapped or swiped. Beautiful performance If proof were needed that an ultra-portable device can be a high achiever and still highly attractive, then the evidence lies with KIRA™. Beneath the elegant body, this smart Ultrabook™ is driven by 4th generation Intel® Core™ i7 processors, to cut through demanding computer tasks and deliver content at speed. It also comes equipped with a 256 GB Solid State Drive, 8 GB memory and an extra long battery life of up to 9 hours, so users can enjoy a fast, responsive experience and plenty of unplugged multitasking power while life is in full flow. KIRA™ comes with a range of connectivity options too, including three full-size USB 3.0 ports for faster data transfers, including one supporting Sleep and Charge, a full-size HDMI® port to connect the device to a larger HD screen supporting Ultra HD output, and a full-size SD card reader which allows for extra storage or easier content sharing. A sensory experience From symphonic sound to ambient design, KIRA® is luxury personified. The world-class audiophiles at Harman Kardon® have created completely customised speakers which, when complemented with DTS® Studio Sound processing technology, produce an incredibly immersive audio experience. Pairing these high-quality speakers with advanced surround sound also marks a real achievement in bringing high-fidelity sound quality to a lighter, thinner device. The luxury of listening is just one reason why KIRA is a pleasure to use. The sleek frameless keyboard is another – it blends beautifully into the body of the laptop, while the contour of each key was designed for maximum typing comfort. As the keyboard also features LED backlighting, it’s more intuitive to use in low-light conditions too. The Toshiba KIRA™ will be available in France, Germany and the UK during the first quarter of 2014. Toshiba KIRA™: Display: 33.8 (13.3”) PixelPure display (2560 x 1440) with 10 finger touch support featuring Corning® Concore™ glass Processors: Intel® Core™ i7 processors Graphics: Intel® HD 4400 graphics OS: Windows® 8.1 Pro 64-bit Audio: Harman Kardon® stereo speakers with DTS® Studio Sound SSD: 256GB mSATA Memory: 8GB DDR3L Battery life: up to 91 hours Connectivity: 3 x USB 3.0 (1 x with USB Sleep-and-Charge), 1x HDMI® featuring Ultra HD output, SD card reader, headphone combo, mic array Communication: Intel® Dual Band Wireless-AC 7260, Bluetooth 4.0®, Intel® Wireless Display and Miracast™ ready HD webcam with dual mics Tile frameless backlit keyboard Two year warranty Dimensions: 316 mm x 207 mm x 9.5mm/19.8 mm Weight: 1.35 kg -ENDS- All trademarks mentioned herein are the property of their respective owners. Exact product specifications depend on model and local availability. Media Contacts For more information on specifications or press images, please contact the Toshiba team at Fever on 020 7792 7488 or Toshiba@feverpr.com. Connect Online Visit Toshiba’s website for the latest product details, specifications and more: www.toshiba.co.uk Alternatively, connect with Toshiba on our social media channels: www.facebook.com/toshibauk;www.twitter.com/toshibauk;www.youtube.com/toshibauk About Toshiba Toshiba is a world-leading diversified manufacturer, solutions provider and marketer of advanced electronic and electrical products and systems. Toshiba Group brings innovation and imagination to a wide range of businesses: digital products, including LCD TVs, notebook PCs, retail solutions and MFPs; electronic devices, including semiconductors, storage products and materials; industrial and social infrastructure systems, including power generation systems, smart community solutions, medical systems and escalators & elevators; and home appliances. Toshiba was founded in 1875, and today operates a global network of more than 550 consolidated companies, with 202,000 employees worldwide and annual sales surpassing 6.1 trillion yen (US$74 billion). Visit Toshiba's web site at www.toshiba.co.jp/index.htm Toshiba Information Systems UK Limited, is a fully owned subsidiary of Toshiba Corporation, Tokyo. Published: 06 Jan 2014 Download as PDF
