London, UK, 12th March 2014 – Toshiba UK today announces the new L74 series – combining the innovation of enhanced sound and picture quality with the intelligence of advanced Smart TV Cloud services, on one Full HD 3D TV. Beautifully refined, featuring a Dual-Core Engine and the latest picture, audio and Smart TV technology, the L74 was designed to engage every sense. Ideal for those looking for a smarter, cinema-like viewing entertainment experience, the L74 series was made to be the central focus in any home, available in three screen sizes up to 140 cm (55”). Intensely immersive, brighter pictures, deeper contrast The enhanced picture quality, utilising slim Direct LEDs, comes to life through Toshiba’s established CEVO™ Picture – for a much sharper and intensely watchable picture that's up to 75% brighter1 than previous models by using a new backlight system combined with new chipset restoration technology. The range of colours has also been increased using this advanced processing engine thanks to the use of wider LEDs, to bring more depth of detail and improved richness to the images on-screen. Using the chipset restoration technology, CEVO™ Picture is able to take compressed broadcast images and return them back to their intended state by restoring colour and brightness that is usually lost during the recording process. Together, the high brightness pictures and wider range of colours provide users with a significantly better viewing experience that’s noticeably clearer, down to the last detail. Finely-tuned surround sound Sound quality has been improved too, through new CEVO™ Audio technology. It dramatically improves the bass range from 150 Hz to 100 Hz to create a richer, more expansive sound field – for incredibly powerful audio from such a slim TV due to a new speaker design. With the ability to manage background noise and dialogue separately, sound separation technology means users are also in full control of the type of audio they want to listen to. So if a user is watching a live football match, and would prefer to be more involved with the action then the commentary can be turned down. Alternatively users who may want to raise the dialogue in a drama or movie, can reduce the background effects. As part of the newly developed CEVO™ Audio system, users can also enjoy the fully immersive experience of DTS Premium Sound™ enhancement through two highly improved 15W stereo speakers. Using its advanced decoding technology, DTS Premium Sound™ transforms standard stereo audio into virtual surround sound that’s designed to impress. More personal Smart TV Cloud interface With Toshiba’s newly developed Smart TV Cloud services available on the L74 series, the portal is even more intelligent and the experience more personalised thanks to innovative functions such as MediaGuide Replay as part of the new, modernised user interface. Rather than recommend content based on general current viewing trends, Toshiba’s new unique personal catch-up TV service, MediaGuide Replay, suggests future programmes a person would enjoy from their past viewing and recording habits. This content and ones deemed similar are then automatically recorded2 according to individual profiles, meaning different family members can log in to their own personal entertainment channel. So there’s rarely a chance for users to ever miss an episode of their favourite TV programme or preferred movie. The Personal Video Recording (PVR)3 function allows easy access to features such as one-touch recording, TimeShift, EPG recording and recommendations. Users can pause live TV to take a phone call, for example, and PVR will record the rest of the programme until that person is ready to pick it up where they left off. In addition, the integration of TwitterTM curates tweets to bring users the latest trending topics on TV in real time. While popular content service providers are readily available on the L74 series too – including Netflix, BBC iPlayer, BBC News, Deezer and YouTube® – plus a variety of music, news and entertainment apps. Smoother performance and pictures The L74 features a new Dual-Core Engine processor which enhances the TVs performance by delivering smoother multi-tasking and faster processing of key applications for a better user experience. Plus, there’s the Full HD 1080p resolution to bring added definition to the screen, while the AMR+ 1500 (Active Motion & Resolution) technology delivers a crisp, clear quality with smoother images for fast moving scenes such as sports or action packed movies. The L74 series offers a step into the world of 3D4, for the option to watch movies and TV programmes in vivid, lifelike depth and detail. 2D content can also easily be converted to 3D, so user’s existing library collections and broadcast entertainment can be enjoyed at its most breathtaking and realistic. Easy access to devices and content L74 series TVs offer multiple connections, so content can easily be shared and viewed. Built-in Freeview HD5 offers a broad range of free to air channels, whilst multiple HDMI® ports bring entertainment to the bigger screen via a laptop, games console, Blu-rayTM Disc or set-top box – and with USB ports, users can plug-and-play content straight from their storage device. The L74 features Home Network media playback, which means movies and other media can be enjoyed on the TV, without the need to move the PC or physically connect it. Intel® WiDi and wireless display is also featured, so users can share content from any compatible laptop, and enjoy it on the big screen without the hassle of cables. The Toshiba L74 TV series will be available during the second quarter of 2014. Toshiba L74 TV series: Resolution: Full HD, 1920 x 1080p, slim Direct LED with passive 3D and 700cd/m brightness AMR+ 1500 (Active Motion & Resolution) CEVO™ Picture processing technology Audio: CEVO™ Audio with sound separation technology, DTS Premium Sound™, DTS® Express 5.1, Dolby® Digital Plus, 2 x 15W speakers Next generation Toshiba Smart TV Cloud interface including MediaGuide Replay, Intel® WiDi 4.0, web browser and wireless display – with access to Netflix, BBC iPlayer, BBC Sport, YouTube®, Facebook, Twitter and more Connectivity: 4 x HDMI® (incl. 1 x HDMI® with MHL support), 2 x USB, PC input, built-in Wi-Fi®, PC input, HDMI-CEC®, Intel® WiDi, Wireless display technology Dual-Core Engine processor Resolution + image upscaling Toshiba AppsConnect smartphone and tablet remote control applications USB / HDD / Home Network media playback 4x passive 3D glasses included Design: Matt black with narrow gloss black bezel and sandblasted silver metal stand Screen sizes: 140 cm (55”), 120 cm (47”) and 107 cm (42”) Freeview HD (DVB-T, DVB-T2, DVB-C tuners) -ENDS- 1 Compared to equivalent 2013 models. 2 Recording takes place when the TV is in standby. TV records to an external USB hard drive, sold separately. 3 TV records to an external USB hard drive, sold separately. 4 4 pairs of passive glasses included 5 Freeview™ HD is subject to coverage, check coverage in your area at www.freeview.co.uk/HD. An aerial upgrade may be required. Media Contacts For more information on specifications or press images, please contact the Toshiba team at Fever on 020 7792 7488 or toshiba@feverpr.com. For access to the latest news, past press releases, image libraries and media contacts: www.toshiba.co.uk/press Connect Online Visit Toshiba’s website for the latest product details, specifications and more: www.toshiba.co.uk Alternatively, connect with Toshiba on our social media channels: www.facebook.com/toshibauk; www.twitter.com/toshibauk; www.youtube.com/toshibauk All trademarks mentioned herein are the property of their respective owners. Exact product specifications depend on model and local availability. About Toshiba Toshiba is a world-leading diversified manufacturer, solutions provider and marketer of advanced electronic and electrical products and systems. Toshiba Group brings innovation and imagination to a wide range of businesses: digital products, including LCD TVs, notebook PCs, retail solutions and MFPs; electronic devices, including semiconductors, storage products and materials; industrial and social infrastructure systems, including power generation systems, smart community solutions, medical systems and escalators & elevators; and home appliances. Toshiba was founded in 1875, and today operates a global network of more than 590 consolidated companies, with 206,000 employees worldwide and annual sales surpassing 5.8 trillion yen (US$61 billion). Visit Toshiba's web site at www.toshiba.co.jp/index.htm Toshiba Information Systems UK Limited, is a fully owned subsidiary of Toshiba Corporation, Tokyo. Published: 12 Mar 2014 Download as PDF
