London, UK, 24th March 2014 – Toshiba today announced that it was awarded five honours at the international design competition, “Red Dot Award: Product Design 2014”, for the high quality design of the following products across each of its main product categories. BDX6400 Smart Blu-ray Disc™ player L74 series Smart TV Portégé Z30, Tecra Z40 and Tecra Z50 series laptops The accolade of the Red Dot Design Award, the “Red Dot”, is a globally recognised mark of design excellence. The ‘Product Design’ category is one of the world’s largest competitions of its kind, with 1,816 manufacturers, designers and architects from 53 nations entering their products this year – all hoping to earn the Red Dot quality seal. Forty members of a specially selected jury tested, discussed and evaluated a total of 4,815 product entries, taking into account criteria such as innovation, functionality, quality and eco-efficiency. BDX6400 Blu-ray Disc™ player: Toshiba’s Red Dot award-winning BDX6400 Smart Blu-ray Disc™ player delivers Ultra HD upscaling for incredible picture quality1, and 3D playback for movies in lifelike detail. The BDX6400’s compact design comprises of a black body with a silver sandblasted top and compliments the current style of Toshiba TVs. The addition of a vertical stand allows the BDX6400KE to be used on its side or in the more traditional horizontal position providing more flexibility for where space is limited. L74 series Smart TV: The slim L74 series received the Red Dot for its excellent design. Combining the innovation of CEVO™ enhanced sound and picture quality, with the intelligence of advanced Smart TV Cloud services, this 3D TV was designed to engage every sense making it a worthy focal point of any living room with clearly defined details. Portégé Z30, Tecra Z40 & Z50 laptops: Toshiba’s Z-series comprises the Portégé Z30, Tecra Z40 and Tecra Z50 models – all of which won individual Red Dot awards. These dedicated business models, ideal for a range of sectors from education to corporate, are optimised for always on the go usage, and feature the same clean design, all-day battery life and advanced security features. Lightweight and all with slim profiles, the Portégé Z30, Tecra Z40 and Z50 share the same steel grey metallic magnesium chassis providing a smart, modern design while being robust enough to withstand everyday business life. Despite the slim designs, there are no compromises on features such as the inclusion of full size ports across all models. -ENDS- 1Ultra HD TV required. Results of upscaling may vary depending on the bit rate of source material. Media Contacts For more information on specifications or press images, please contact the Toshiba team at Fever on 020 7792 7488 or toshiba@feverpr.com. For access to the latest news, past press releases, image libraries and media contacts: www.toshiba.co.uk/press Connect Online Visit Toshiba’s website for the latest product details, specifications and more: www.toshiba.co.uk Alternatively, connect with Toshiba on our social media channels: www.facebook.com/toshibauk; www.twitter.com/toshibauk; www.youtube.com/toshibauk All trademarks mentioned herein are the property of their respective owners. Exact product specifications depend on model and local availability. About Toshiba Toshiba is a world-leading diversified manufacturer, solutions provider and marketer of advanced electronic and electrical products and systems. Toshiba Group brings innovation and imagination to a wide range of businesses: digital products, including LCD TVs, notebook PCs, retail solutions and MFPs; electronic devices, including semiconductors, storage products and materials; industrial and social infrastructure systems, including power generation systems, smart community solutions, medical systems and escalators & elevators; and home appliances. Toshiba was founded in 1875, and today operates a global network of more than 590 consolidated companies, with 206,000 employees worldwide and annual sales surpassing 5.8 trillion yen (US$61 billion). Visit Toshiba's web site at www.toshiba.co.jp/index.htm Toshiba Information Systems UK Limited, is a fully owned subsidiary of Toshiba Corporation, Tokyo. Published: 24 Mar 2014 Download as PDF
