Neuss, Germany, 21st January 2014 – Toshiba Europe GmbH today announces changes to its management structure. These changes will bring European operations into line with the recent restructuring of Toshiba’s Digital Products and Services business in Japan. Toshiba Europe has appointed three Vice Presidents to head up the B2C PC, B2B PC and TV businesses, who will report directly to their counterparts in Tokyo with Alan Thompson continuing as President of Toshiba Europe GmbH. Sandor van der Ham, currently Regional General Manager – Central and Eastern Europe, has been appointed Vice President of the B2C PC business Eric Cariou, currently Regional General Manager - France and Italy, has been appointed Vice President of the B2B PC business Yasuhide Ozo, has been appointed Vice President of the TV business As a result of these changes, Andy Bass has stepped down from his role as Executive Vice President of Europe for Digital Products and Services and MD and CEO of Toshiba UK and will leave the company. Andy’s UK role will be covered by Liam La Cumbre, in addition to the role of European Sales Director for the TV Business. Alan Thompson, President of Toshiba Europe GmbH, comments: “The increase in focus for our three business units is undoubtedly the right thing to do and will drive a closer working relationship with our counterparts in Tokyo. It is with great sadness that I announce the departure of Andy Bass from Toshiba. Andy has dedicated a significant portion of his career to Toshiba in the UK, Europe and the USA. The whole company has benefited from his passion, commitment, talent and leadership. Andy had led the restructuring of the European organisation over the past three years and has significantly improved its financial health leaving us in excellent shape to succeed in a rapidly evolving marketplace." -ENDS- Media Contacts Please contact the Toshiba team at Fever on 020 7792 7488 or toshiba@feverpr.com About Toshiba Toshiba is a world-leading diversified manufacturer, solutions provider and marketer of advanced electronic and electrical products and systems. Toshiba Group brings innovation and imagination to a wide range of businesses: digital products, including LCD TVs, notebook PCs, retail solutions and MFPs; electronic devices, including semiconductors, storage products and materials; industrial and social infrastructure systems, including power generation systems, smart community solutions, medical systems and escalators & elevators; and home appliances. Toshiba was founded in 1875, and today operates a global network of more than 590 consolidated companies, with 206,000 employees worldwide and annual sales surpassing 5.8 trillion yen (US$61 billion). Visit Toshiba's web site at www.toshiba.co.jp/index.htm Toshiba Europe GmbH, headquartered in Neuss, Germany, is a fully owned subsidiary of Toshiba Corporation, Tokyo. Published: 21 Jan 2014 Download as PDF
