A range of perfectly portable wireless speakers to stream music from a wide variety of devices in a choice of colours The TY-WSP52EU features 2-watt audio output in a compact cube shape The TY-WSP54EU features 10-watt audio output for increased sound capacity to fill larger spaces London, UK, 3rd September 2014 – Toshiba UK today announces two new wireless speakers ideal for providing a portable music solution on the go. The TY-WSP52EU and TY-WSP54EU stream music from a wide range of devices to provide high quality audio anywhere. With portable form factors, convenient connectivity and sleek designs, both models are well-suited for a variety of users including those who love the outdoors, holidaymakers and professionals who may need a hands-free conferencing solution. Wireless audio anywhere Toshiba’s new portable wireless speakers, the TY-WSP54EU and TY-WSP52EU, are ideal for playing tunes at the park, on the beach or at garden BBQs. It’s not just outdoors where the speakers come into their own – they’re also great for indoor use, giving people the freedom to easily move around the house, playing music wherever they like. With Bluetooth® connectivity and one-touch connection via Near Field Communication (NFC), it’s easy to stream music from compatible laptops, tablets or smartphones, and enjoy high quality audio. The AUX-IN port allows other devices such as MP3 players to be connected plus a built in microphone allows for hand-free conferencing – perfect for conference calls with a group of people. Users can choose from two models, each with a different audio output. The TY-WSP52EU features 2-watt audio output while those looking to fill music in a larger area, the TY-WSP54EU stereo speaker is equipped with an increased 10-watt audio output. To fit in any environment, the sleek, cubed, wooden design comes in 3 different finishes – black, white and walnut – so the speakers look attractive wherever they go. The Toshiba TY-WSP54EU and TY-WSP52EU portable wireless speakers will be available in the UK during the fourth quarter of 2014. Toshiba Portable Wireless Speakers: Connectivity: Bluetooth® v3.0+ Enhanced Data Rate, NFC, AUX-line in Mic: Built-in mic for speakerphone for hands-free conferencing Quick button controls TY-WSP52EU: Speaker: 2-watt audio output Bluetooth streaming: Approx. 13 hours playback at 50% volume level Battery: 400 mAh rechargeable lithium ion polymer battery Size: 72 x 72 x 72 mm Weight: 273 g TY-WSP54EU: Speaker: 2 x 5-watt, 2.0 channel stereo speaker Bluetooth streaming: Approx. 10 hours playback at 50% volume level Battery: 1600 mAh rechargeable lithium ion battery Size: 130 x 96 x 71 mm Weight: 620 g -ENDS- Media Contacts For more information on specifications or press images, please contact the Toshiba team at Fever on 020 7792 7488 or toshiba@feverpr.com Connect Online Visit Toshiba's website for the latest product details, specifications and more: www.toshiba.co.uk All trademarks mentioned herein are the property of their respective owners. Exact product specifications depend on model and local availability. About Toshiba Toshiba Corporation, a Fortune Global 500 company, channels world-class capabilities in advanced electronic and electrical product and systems into five strategic business domains: Energy & Infrastructure, Community Solutions, Healthcare Systems & Services, Electronic Devices & Components, and Lifestyles Products & Services. Guided by the principles of The Basic Commitment of the Toshiba Group, “Committed to People, Committed to the Future”, Toshiba promotes global operations towards securing “Growth Through Creativity and Innovation”, and is contributing to the achievement of a world in which people everywhere live in safe, secure and comfortable society. Founded in Tokyo in 1875, today’s Toshiba is at the heart of a global network of over 590 consolidated companies employing over 200,000 people worldwide, with annual sales surpassing 6.5 trillion yen (US$63 billion). To find out more about Toshiba, visit www.toshiba.co.jp/index.htm Toshiba Information Systems (UK) Limited, is a fully owned subsidiary of Toshiba Corporation, Tokyo. Published: 03 Sep 2014 Download as PDF
