Neuss, Germany, 12th September 2014 – Toshiba Europe GmbH today announces changes to its European management team. From the 1st October, Alan Thompson will step down as President of Toshiba Europe and Damian Jaume, currently Vice President (VP) of Operations and Business Planning, will assume Alan’s responsibilities as head of European operations. In addition, Yasuhide Ozo, VP of TV, will be returning to Toshiba’s headquarters in Japan after five years with Toshiba Europe. His responsibilities will be taken on by Go Inoue, currently Director of Business Planning, working in conjunction with Liam La Cumbre, Sales and Marketing Director. Alan Thompson has been with Toshiba since March 1991, and was appointed European President in 2009 with responsibility for the integration of Toshiba’s three main business divisions – Computer Systems, Consumer Electronic Products and Storage Devices. He has been instrumental in leading the company forward to becoming a leading provider of digital products across different categories throughout Europe. Damian Jaume joined Toshiba in 2001, and over the past 13 years has taken on wide range of responsibilities at Toshiba, spanning engineering, business planning, product planning and supply chain management in his role of VP. Mr. Shigenori Tokumitsu, Corporate Senior Vice President & Group CEO of Lifestyle Products & Services Group, Toshiba Corporation, comments: “Alan has been a valuable asset to Toshiba and integral to the European business for over twenty years. We are particularly grateful for his contribution to the recent restructuring of the European business, and he leaves us ready to enter a new period focused on renewed growth and continued success. Alan has dedicated a substantial amount of his professional career – not to mention personal time – to the company, and his commitment and passion for Toshiba is highly appreciated. He leaves Toshiba with not only our warmest wishes, but with our thanks.” Alan Thompson comments: “My career at Toshiba has been an exciting journey, witnessing the development of pioneering technologies, sectors and markets, and it has been a pleasure to lead forward such an innovative brand and talented group of people. At this time I feel it is important for me to refocus on my personal commitments and to hand over to the next generation of talent within the organisation. I wish Damian Jaume the very best of luck in his new role.” -ENDS- Media Contacts For more information, please contact the Toshiba team at Fever on 020 7792 7488 or toshiba@feverpr.com About Toshiba Toshiba Corporation, a Fortune Global 500 company, channels world-class capabilities in advanced electronic and electrical product and systems into five strategic business domains: Energy & Infrastructure, Community Solutions, Healthcare Systems & Services, Electronic Devices & Components, and Lifestyles Products & Services. Guided by the principles of The Basic Commitment of the Toshiba Group, “Committed to People, Committed to the Future”, Toshiba promotes global operations towards securing “Growth Through Creativity and Innovation”, and is contributing to the achievement of a world in which people everywhere live in safe, secure and comfortable society. Founded in Tokyo in 1875, today’s Toshiba is at the heart of a global network of over 590 consolidated companies employing over 200,000 people worldwide, with annual sales surpassing 6.5 trillion yen (US$63 billion). To find out more about Toshiba, visit www.toshiba.co.jp/index.htm Toshiba Europe GmbH, headquartered in Neuss, Germany, is a fully owned subsidiary of Toshiba Corporation, Tokyo. Published: 12 Sep 2014 Download as PDF
