CA Technologies     65-6336-6911 Connect Now! Try CA
Newsroom Press Releases Press Resources CA Nimsoft Monitor Snap Snapped up by 5,000 Customers in First 100 Days Share Free Unified IT Monitoring Solution Embraced by SMBs, Fortune 1000 Companies and Service Providers in 147 Countries Singapore, January 17, 2014 - CA Technologies (NASDAQ: CA) today announced that the free CA Nimsoft Monitor Snap solution it released 100 days ago has already been downloaded by 5,000 customers—including SMBs, Fortune 1000 companies and IT service providers—in 147 countries. These customers are finding CA Nimsoft Monitor Snap to be a compelling solution for proactively monitoring their servers, networks, storage, data bases and applications in order to ensure reliable delivery of critical IT service to end-users and customers. Indmar Marine Engines, the world's largest privately held manufacturer of gasoline-powered, inboard marine engines, is now using CA Nimsoft Monitor Snap as its primary IT monitoring tool—replacing Spiceworks.   “CA Nimsoft Monitor Snap was a breeze to install and immediately gave us insight into issues that we hadn’t noticed with Spiceworks that could have caused us significant business disruption,” said Kris Kirby, IT manager, Indmar Marine Engines. “We find the dashboards in CA Nimsoft Monitor Snap more usable than what we had to work with in Spiceworks, with fewer false positives and more monitoring configuration options.” Also indicative of the success of CA Nimsoft Monitor Snap are the 4,000 members who have flocked to its online community, CA Snap Central, and the 60-plus CA Technologies partners that are also now promoting the product to their own customers. CA Nimsoft Monitor Snap is a feature-rich version of CA Technologies acclaimed CA Nimsoft Monitor solution and shares the same code base. It is free for up to 30 monitored devices each with unlimited monitors—not a limited time-trial. CA Technologies today introduced a new version of CA Nimsoft Monitor Snap that provides monitoring for a broader range of IT resources—including Citrix CloudPlatform and VMware vCloud—and a free mobile app that allows IT staff to keep an eye on the health of their infrastructure from both iOS and Android devices. Users of CA Nimsoft Monitor Snap who need to manage more than 30 devices can easily upgrade to the paid-license version of CA Nimsoft Monitor, which has been enhanced with new alarm management features, IPv6 support, additional languages and more. “We are extremely gratified to see our vision for a free, robust and complete enterprise-class IT monitoring solution embraced so quickly by such a diverse range of customers,” said Stephen Miles, Vice President, Service Assurance, Asia Pacific and Japan, CA Technologies. “We will continue investing in CA Nimsoft Monitor Snap and the Snap Central community to give everyone the ability to better safeguard the health of their critical service delivery infrastructure no matter how tight their budgets may be.” CA Nimsoft Monitor Snap supports English, Simplified Chinese, Japanese, Spanish and Brazilian Portuguese. A free download is available here. About CA Technologies CA Technologies (NASDAQ: CA) provides IT management solutions that help customers manage and secure complex IT environments to support agile business services. Organizations leverage CA Technologies software and SaaS solutions to accelerate innovation, transform infrastructure and secure data and identities, from the data center to the cloud. Learn more about CA Technologies at www.ca.com. Follow CA Technologies Twitter (@CA_APJ) Social Media Page Press Releases Podcasts Legal Notices Copyright © 2014 CA. All Rights Reserved. One CA Plaza, Islandia, N.Y. 11749. All other trademarks, trade names, service marks, and logos referenced herein belong to their respective companies. Press Contacts Hayley  Yap CA Technologies phone: 65-6432-8625 Hayley.Yap@ca.com related-solutions Infrastructure Management Related Products Share
Company Information About Us Events Customer Stories Innovation Careers Investors Google Twitter Facebook LinkedIn YouTube Contact Us Blog RSS Social
South East Asia - English legal Privacy Sitemap Copyright © 2014 CA. All rights reserved.
