CA Technologies     65-6336-6911 Connect Now! Try CA
Newsroom Press Releases Press Resources CA Technologies Integrates with Samsung KNOX™ to Secure Android Device Deployments across the Enterprise Share Solutions to Secure the Mobile Enterprise and Accelerate Innovation to Capture Growth in the Global Mobile Economy SINGAPORE, February 25, 2014 – MOBILE WORLD CONGRESS – CA Technologies (NASDAQ:CA) today announced CA Mobile Device Management (CA MDM) will be compatible with Samsung KNOX, Samsung’s end-to-end secure mobile platform solution designed to provide advanced data and privacy protection for both enterprises and consumers. Samsung KNOX, an offering with a fully secure boot chain and new container-based environment for Android is a comprehensive enterprise mobile solution that addresses the mobile security needs of enterprise IT without invading the privacy of its employees. “As the largest smartphone manufacturer in the world, we have an unparalleled reach across carriers,” said Injong Rhee, Senior Vice President of KNOX Business, IT & Mobile Communications Division at Samsung Electronics. “This integration with CA Technologies extends our reach and will allow us to better support the enterprise with the KNOX platform.” CA MDM, one of the products in the new Enterprise Mobility Management (EMM) suite, is a highly scalable product that provides enterprises with the capabilities necessary to secure and manage mobile devices, applications, and various end points including Windows and Linux desktops. With this compatibility, CA MDM will support the following features to Samsung KNOX-enabled devices: • Single sign-on for mobile applications • Application-level Virtual Private Networking (VPN) • Application group policy • Certificate management • Enhanced firewall group policy • Application Blacklisting/Whitelisting CA MDM is the only solution that not only leverages all enterprise APIs exposed by Samsung KNOX but will also tightly integrate policy enforcement for enterprises to monitor and manage the KNOX container and the accompanying enterprise application deployments. “Our customers have been asking for tightly integrated enterprise class solutions with Samsung’s mobile device offerings,” said Nagi Prabhu, Vice President, Enterprise Mobility at CA Technologies. “With this support for Samsung KNOX we will enable IT administrators to provide enterprise access at a very granular level without compromising the usability of mobile apps while retaining the mobile app user experience.” For more information about CA MDM, please visit: http://www.ca.com/sg/mobility.aspx. About Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. is a global leader in technology, opening new possibilities for people everywhere. Through relentless innovation and discovery, we are transforming the worlds of TVs, smartphones, tablets, PCs, cameras, home appliances, printers, LTE systems, medical devices, semiconductors and LED solutions. We employ 286,000 people across 80 countries with annual sales of US$216.7 billion. To discover more, please visit www.samsung.com. About CA Technologies CA Technologies (NASDAQ: CA) provides IT management solutions that help customers manage and secure complex IT environments to support agile business services. Organizations leverage CA Technologies software and SaaS solutions to accelerate innovation, transform infrastructure and secure data and identities, from the data center to the cloud. Learn more about CA Technologies at www.ca.com. Follow CA Technologies Twitter (@CA_APJ) Social Media Page Press Releases Podcasts Legal Notices Copyright © 2014 CA. This press release is for informational purposes only. Please note that the features and functionality identified in this press release outline CA’s general product direction but CA may make modifications to the products at any time without notice based on CA’s sole discretion. The descriptions do not constitute product documentation or specifications nor does it provide any warranty of any kind. All Rights Reserved. One CA Plaza, Islandia, N.Y. 11749. All trademarks, trade names, service marks, and logos referenced herein belong to their respective companies. Press Contacts Hayley  Yap CA Technologies phone: 65-6432-8625 Hayley.Yap@ca.com related-solutions Mobile Enterprise Management Solutions Related Products Share
Company Information About Us Events Customer Stories Innovation Careers Investors Google Twitter Facebook LinkedIn YouTube Contact Us Blog RSS Social
South East Asia - English legal Privacy Sitemap Copyright © 2014 CA. All rights reserved.
