CA Technologies     65-6336-6911 Connect Now! Try CA
Newsroom Press Releases Press Resources CA Technologies and Digistore Solutions Holdings Deliver Highly Scalable Disk Backup and Recovery for Physical and Virtual Servers Share CA ARCserve® D2D and Digistore Solutions Holdings’ Centurion iServe is designed to provide fast, cost-effective data protection and disaster recovery SINGAPORE, February 18, 2014 – CA Technologies and Digistore Solutions Holdings today announced the availability and launch of a solution aimed at providing mid-market and small enterprise organizations with quick, efficient backup and recovery for both physical and virtual servers. This solution pairs CA ARCserve D2D backup and recovery software and Digistore Solutions Holdings’ Centurion iServe disk array hardware designed to help reduce storage requirements and related costs. Customers may look forward to shortening backup windows, speeding recovery, and delivering more reliable offsite disaster recovery. Many IT organizations face significant challenges backing up complex heterogeneous environments that combine virtual and physical systems. Working together, CA ARCserveD2D and Centurion iServe look to provide a cost-effective solution to these challenges, and an alternative to slower tape devices by delivering fast backup and recovery and post-process data deduplication. “Data protection requirements are evolving very quickly and customers want to get the right mix of functionality, efficiency, speed and simplicity,” said James Forbes-May, vice president, APJ Channel Sales, CA Technologies. “By working with Digistore Solutions Holdings, we are enabling our partners and customers to try and fulfill these requirements.” “With data growing exponentially across both physical and virtual servers while IT budgets remain tight, we are seeing great demand for a simplified solution like this that aims to deliver reliable, resource-efficient backup and recovery in mixed infrastructure environments,” said Geoff MacLeodSmith, Chief Executive Officer, Digistore Solutions Holdings. “We look forward to showing customers the power of a combined Centurion iServe and CA ARCserve D2D solution.” The CA ARCserve D2D software and Digistore Solutions Holdings’ Centurion iServe is available in Singapore today through authorized resellers and service providers. About Digistore Solutions Holdings Digistore Solutions Holdings (DSSH) is one of the leaders in optical storage and archival solutions. By utilizing the advanced solid state Centurion iServe or Centurion iServe Pro in combination with the Centurion iHub optical storage device DSSH aims to achieve superior archiving solutions and a low total cost of ownership for customers. www.digistoresolutionsholdings.com About CA Technologies CA Technologies (NASDAQ: CA) provides IT management solutions that help customers manage and secure complex IT environments to support agile business services. Organizations leverage CA Technologies software and SaaS solutions to accelerate innovation, transform infrastructure and secure data and identities, from the data center to the cloud. Learn more about CA Technologies at www.ca.com. Follow CA Technologies Twitter (@CA_APJ) Social Media Page Press Releases Podcasts Legal Notices Copyright © 2014 CA. All Rights Reserved. One CA Plaza, Islandia, N.Y. 11749. All other trademarks, trade names, service marks, and logos referenced herein belong to their respective companies. Press Contacts Hayley  Yap CA Technologies phone: 65-6432-8625 Hayley.Yap@ca.com Share
Company Information About Us Events Customer Stories Innovation Careers Investors Google Twitter Facebook LinkedIn YouTube Contact Us Blog RSS Social
South East Asia - English legal Privacy Sitemap Copyright © 2014 CA. All rights reserved.
