CA Technologies     65-6336-6911 Connect Now! Try CA
Newsroom Press Releases Press Resources CA Technologies Delivers Latest SaaS-Based Enterprise Mobility Management Suite with Zero-Day Support for iOS 8 Share Next milestone in organic innovation extends freedom of choice, accelerates time to value and supports leading-edge technology standards SINGAPORE, September 11, 2014 – Today CA Technologies (NASDAQ: CA) is continuing to transform enterprises into being “Mobile First” with the release of its SaaS-based Enterprise Mobility Management (EMM) solution suite and providing zero-day support for iOS 8 across mobile device, application, content and email management.  Further expanding on the industry’s first CA Management Cloud for Mobility portfolio and based on its patent-pending Smart Containerization™ technology, this new SaaS solution gives enterprises deployment flexibility, increased agility, and significant cost savings.  “The application economy has made mobility management a cornerstone of employee and business productivity. CA’s new SaaS solution unlocks the full potential of enterprise mobility by focusing on what matters to customers: innovation, efficiency and accelerated development of new mobile apps and services to drive productivity and revenue,” said Ram Varadarajan, general manager, New Business Innovation, CA Technologies.  According to recent Gartner research*, the current global EMM market is roughly 70% on-premises and 30% SaaS, but Gartner projects SaaS uptake to increase as more enterprises realize the challenges of managing EMM/MDM solutions on their own.  With today’s announcement, enterprises can now leverage iOS 8 features across SaaS and on-premise deployment models. In addition, the out-of-the-box iOS8 support – available for all of CA’s EMM products - enables app wrapping, security and management for mobile apps developed using the new SWIFT programming language.  To further help customers effectively use mobility management solutions based on specific scenarios and IT policies, CA is offering customers a free CA Mobile Device Management perpetual license with the purchase of any CA EMM solution.  To learn more about how CA’s full suite of mobility solutions and how the company helps enterprises manage mobility visit www.CA.com/mobility.  *Gartner Inc., Choose a SaaS-Based Enterprise Mobility Management Model Whenever Possible, Rob Smith and Charles Smulders, August 13, 2014.  About CA Technologies CA Technologies (NASDAQ: CA) provides IT management solutions that help customers manage and secure complex IT environments to support agile business services. Organizations leverage CA Technologies software and SaaS solutions to accelerate innovation, transform infrastructure and secure data and identities, from the data center to the cloud. Learn more about CA Technologies at www.ca.com. Follow CA Technologies Twitter Social Media Page Press Releases Blogs Legal Notices Copyright © 2014 CA. All Rights Reserved. One CA Plaza, Islandia, N.Y. 11749. All trademarks, trade names, service marks, and logos referenced herein belong to their respective companies. The Hot Mobility Promotion offer is valid through December 31, 2014 and Official Promotion Terms & Conditions apply. Press Contacts Hayley  Yap CA Technologies phone: 65-6432-8625 Hayley.Yap@ca.com related-solutions Mobile Enterprise Management Solutions Related Products Share
Company Information About Us Events Customer Stories Innovation Careers Investors Google Twitter Facebook LinkedIn YouTube Contact Us Blog RSS Social
South East Asia - English legal Privacy Sitemap Copyright © 2014 CA. All rights reserved.
