CA Technologies     65-6336-6911 Connect Now! Try CA
Newsroom Press Releases Press Resources CA Technologies Names Kenneth Arredondo as President & General Manager for Asia Pacific & Japan Share SINGAPORE, 3 March 2014 –CA Technologies (NASDAQ: CA) today announced the appointment of Kenneth Arredondo as the President & General Manager of Asia Pacific & Japan with effect from 1 April 2014. Lionel Lim, who has held this role since 2010, has decided to leave the company to pursue personal interests. Arredondo will be responsible for the CA Technologies business in the region that includes Australia, China, Hong Kong, India, Indonesia, Japan, Malaysia, Singapore, South Korea, Taiwan and Thailand. Arredondo’s charter will include strategic direction and management of all sales and business development across the region, driving growth and further strengthening the company's partner ecosystem. Arredondo and Lim will be working through March to ensure a smooth transition for customers, partners and employees. “Ken Arredondo is a proven leader at CA Technologies with extensive experience and an impressive track record driving growth in emerging markets,” said Adam Elster, executive vice president and group executive, Worldwide Sales and Services, CA Technologies. “I am confident in his ability to lead this team to new growth and to continue to help our customers and partners leverage IT to win in the market” "I’d like to thank Lionel for his contributions toward CA Technologies. Today, we are well-positioned to lead one of the most dynamic growth markets as the companies in this region embrace the critical role that IT plays in driving business competitiveness and innovation," said Arredondo. “The pace of IT innovation in the Asia Pacific and Japan region is particularly exciting in the next decade. I’m excited about this opportunity to lead this region and I look forward to working with the team to grow CA in this market.” “I am honored to have worked at CA Technologies over the last several years. Under Ken’s leadership, the strong team and partner ecosystem that have been set in place will carry CA Technologies to a new level of growth in the region,” said Lim. “I wish all of my colleagues across CA, and our customers in the Asia Pacific and Japan region, much success in the years ahead.” Arredondo is a veteran in the IT industry with over 25 years of experience, having worked with major IT companies in senior leadership roles covering Asia, Africa and the Americas. He has been with CA Technologies since 2006 and was most recently the senior vice president and general manager of International Growth Markets. Arredondo was also the president and general manager for Latin America and the Caribbean, where he was instrumental in driving record growth during his tenure. Arredondo holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Business Analysis and Economics from Indiana University, USA; and an MBA from Crummer Graduate School of Business, Rollins College, USA. He also studied International Business and ASEAN Economics at the National University of Singapore. Arredondo will be based in the company’s Asia Pacific & Japan headquarters in Singapore. About CA Technologies CA Technologies (NASDAQ: CA) provides IT management solutions that help customers manage and secure complex IT environments to support agile business services.  Organizations leverage CA Technologies software and SaaS solutions to accelerate innovation, transform infrastructure and secure data and identities, from the data center to the cloud.  Learn more about CA Technologies at www.ca.com. Follow CA Technologies Twitter Social Media Page Press Releases Legal Notices Copyright © 2014 CA. All Rights Reserved. One CA Plaza, Islandia, N.Y. 11749. All trademarks, trade names, service marks, and logos referenced herein belong to their respective companies. Press Contacts Kelly   Long Communications phone: (65) 6432 8664 kelly.long@ca.com Share
Company Information About Us Events Customer Stories Innovation Careers Investors Google Twitter Facebook LinkedIn YouTube Contact Us Blog RSS Social
South East Asia - English legal Privacy Sitemap Copyright © 2014 CA. All rights reserved.
