CA Technologies     65-6336-6911 Connect Now! Try CA
Newsroom Press Releases Press Resources CA Technologies Named a Leader in Service Virtualization and Testing by Independent Research Firm Share SINGAPORE, February 14, 2014 – CA Technologies (NASDAQ: CA) today announced it was named a “Leader” in “The Forrester Wave™: Service Virtualization and Testing Solutions, Q1 2014.”* Forrester analysts evaluated multiple solutions from service virtualization and testing (SVT) vendors against 15 criteria to help application development and testing professionals select the right SVT solution.   In this evaluation, CA Technologies received the top score in Scalability, and tied for the highest score in Global Presence and Installed Base when compared to other vendors.  The company also received the top score for its current offering – CA LISA 7.1 – the highest score possible in Developer/Tester Tools and Productivity, Simulation accuracy, Integration with DevOps and the highest among evaluated in Scalability.  In the strategy category, the company received the highest score possible for product roadmap, ability to execute and strategic enablement.   According to the report, “CA focuses on DevOps.  CA LISA has the strongest SVT product in our evaluation, making it ideal for organizations with a comprehensive SVT enterprise strategy.”  DevOps is a methodology that helps foster collaboration between development and operations teams and Service Virtualization is a key element in DevOps that allows for a constrained free development to bring applications with a faster time to market.  Forrester evaluated vendor solutions against 15 criteria. To qualify for inclusion in the report, vendors had to meet the following conditions: • Features to develop stubs to simulate real APIs and service behavior for testing. • Market presence, strong growth momentum, and referenceable customers. • A product that was generally available on September 16, 2013. ““Today, all companies are driven by software applications. They are tackling big challenges of developing and deploying applications with greater speed and quality to meet growing consumer demand,” said Sumal Karunanayake, vice president, Application Delivery, APJ, CA Technologies. “Our leading SVT solutions can help our customers optimize the entire process and accelerate innovation.””   *Forrester Research, Inc., “The Forrester Wave™: Service Virtualization and Testing Solutions, Q1 2014,” January 27, 2014. About CA Technologies CA Technologies (NASDAQ: CA) provides IT management solutions that help customers manage and secure complex IT environments to support agile business services. Organizations leverage CA Technologies software and SaaS solutions to accelerate innovation, transform infrastructure and secure data and identities, from the data center to the cloud. Learn more about CA Technologies at www.ca.com. Follow CA Technologies Twitter (@CA_APJ) Social Media Page Press Releases Podcasts Legal Notices Copyright © 2014 CA. All Rights Reserved. One CA Plaza, Islandia, N.Y. 11749. All other trademarks, trade names, service marks, and logos referenced herein belong to their respective companies. Press Contacts Hayley  Yap CA Technologies phone: 65-6432-8625 Hayley.Yap@ca.com related-solutions Application Delivery Related Products Share
Company Information About Us Events Customer Stories Innovation Careers Investors Google Twitter Facebook LinkedIn YouTube Contact Us Blog RSS Social
South East Asia - English legal Privacy Sitemap Copyright © 2014 CA. All rights reserved.
