CA Technologies     65-6336-6911 Connect Now! Try CA
Newsroom Press Releases Press Resources CA Technologies Appoints Chua I-Pin as Vice President for Asia South Share SINGAPORE, 2 April 2014 – CA Technologies (NASDAQ: CA) today announced that Chua I-Pin, a veteran of 17 years in the IT industry, has been promoted to vice president to lead its operations in Asia South. Victor Cheng, who has held this role since 2012, has left the company to pursue other opportunities. Based out of Singapore, Chua will be responsible for accelerating business growth, driving sales and expanding the company’s partner ecosystem across the Asia South region, which includes ASEAN, Sri Lanka, Bangladesh, Bhutan and Nepal. Chua reports directly to Ken Arredondo, president & general manager of Asia Pacific & Japan, CA Technologies. Most recently, Chua was the senior director of Partner Sales for Asia South where he led the partner business in the region and worked closely with the country representative partners (CRPs) to generate new revenue streams in Malaysia, Thailand and Indonesia. Prior to joining CA Technologies, Chua held senior regional sales management positions in Oracle and was formerly a technology entrepreneur and the founder of two successful technology software and services companies. "Chua has demonstrated excellent leadership capabilities in developing new businesses and forging winning partnerships during his tenure with CA Technologies," said Arredondo. "I’m confident that Chua’s extensive experience in the IT industry and his proven track record in sales and channel development will help deliver on the company’s strategy to drive value for our customers and partners in this important growth region." "CA Technologies is well-positioned to win in the market with its strategy, technology and expertise and I’m excited to take on this new role to lead the team to grow the business in Asia South," said Chua. "I’m looking forward to bringing greater value and innovation to our customers to help them manage and secure their IT environments and meet their business demands." Chua holds a Bachelor of Science (Honors) in Computer Science and Bachelor of Arts (Honors) in Business Economics from Brown University, USA. He was also a recipient of the National Computer Board’s overseas scholarship in 1989. About CA Technologies CA Technologies (NASDAQ: CA) provides IT management solutions that help customers manage and secure complex IT environments to support agile business services. Organizations leverage CA Technologies software and SaaS solutions to accelerate innovation, transform infrastructure and secure data and identities, from the data center to the cloud. Learn more about CA Technologies at www.ca.com. Follow CA Technologies Twitter (@CA_APJ) Social Media Page Press Releases Legal Notices Copyright © 2014 CA. All Rights Reserved. One CA Plaza, Islandia, N.Y. 11749. All trademarks, trade names, service marks, and logos referenced herein belong to their respective companies. Press Contacts Hayley  Yap CA Technologies phone: 65-6432-8625 Hayley.Yap@ca.com Share
Company Information About Us Events Customer Stories Innovation Careers Investors Google Twitter Facebook LinkedIn YouTube Contact Us Blog RSS Social
South East Asia - English legal Privacy Sitemap Copyright © 2014 CA. All rights reserved.
