CA Technologies     65-6336-6911 Connect Now! Try CA
Newsroom Press Releases Press Resources CA Technologies Positioned in Leaders Quadrant of Gartner Magic Quadrant for User Authentication Share SINGAPORE, January 6, 2014 — CA Technologies (NASDAQ: CA) today announced that it has been positioned by Gartner, Inc. in the Leaders quadrant of the Magic Quadrant for User Authentication* for the third straight time. CA AuthMinder™, CA RiskMinder™, the company’s on-premise strong authentication solutions, and CA CloudMinder™ Advanced Authentication, the authentication-as-a-service of CA CloudMinder, were evaluated for this report. Gartner Research Vice President Ant Allan stated in the report, “By year-end 2016, about 30% of enterprises will choose cloud-based services as the delivery option for new or refreshed user authentication implementations – up from 10% today.” “As the IT landscape continues to evolve with the rise of cloud computing, mobile computing and other disruptive technologies, the flexibility and convenience of a risk-based authentication solution is increasingly critical to organizations that want a strong security posture with minimal impact on the user,” said Vic Mankotia, vice president, Solution Strategy, APJ at CA Technologies. “CA Technologies Advanced Authentication solutions deliver on that requirement, providing the broad, cross-platform functionality needed to safely do business across an expanding, borderless enterprise.” To receive a complimentary copy of the report, please visit Magic Quadrant for User Authentication. Learn more about CA Technologies Advanced Authentication solutions, deployed on-premise or from the cloud.   For additional analyst reports in which CA Technologies was positioned as a “Leader” for its Security solutions, visit:   • Gartner, Inc., “Magic Quadrant for User Administration/Provisioning,” Earl Perkins, December 27, 2012. • Gartner, Inc., “Magic Quadrant for Identity and Access Governance,” Earl Perkins, December 17, 2012. • Gartner, Inc., “Magic Quadrant for Application Services Governance,” Paolo Malinverno, August 8, 2013. • Forrester Research, Inc., "The Forrester Wave™: Identity and Access Management Suites, Q3 2013," September 4, 2013. • Forrester Research, Inc., “The Forrester Wave™: API Management Platforms, Q1 2013,” February 5, 2013 • KuppingerCole, “Leadership Compass: Access Management and Federation,” September 27, 2013 • KuppingerCole, “Leadership Compass: Access Governance,” March 8, 2013 *Gartner, Inc., “Magic Quadrant for User Authentication,” Ant Allan, December 9, 2013. Gartner does not endorse any vendor, product or service depicted in its research publications, and does not advise technology users to select only those vendors with the highest ratings. Gartner research publications consist of the opinions of Gartner's research organization and should not be construed as statements of fact. Gartner disclaims all warranties, expressed or implied, with respect to this research, including any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. About CA Technologies CA Technologies (NASDAQ: CA) provides IT management solutions that help customers manage and secure complex IT environments to support agile business services. Organizations leverage CA Technologies software and SaaS solutions to accelerate innovation, transform infrastructure and secure data and identities, from the data center to the cloud. Learn more about CA Technologies at www.ca.com. Follow CA Technologies Twitter Social Media Page Press Releases Podcasts Legal Notices Copyright © 2014 CA. All Rights Reserved. One CA Plaza, Islandia, N.Y. 11749. All other trademarks, trade names, service marks, and logos referenced herein belong to their respective companies. Press Contacts Hayley  Yap CA Technologies phone: 65-6432-8625 Hayley.Yap@ca.com Share
Company Information About Us Events Customer Stories Innovation Careers Investors Google Twitter Facebook LinkedIn YouTube Contact Us Blog RSS Social
South East Asia - English legal Privacy Sitemap Copyright © 2014 CA. All rights reserved.
