CA Technologies     65-6336-6911 Connect Now! Try CA
Newsroom Press Releases Press Resources CA Technologies Again Receives “Strong Positive” Rating in Gartner’s IT Project and Portfolio Management MarketScope Report Share SINGAPORE, June 26, 2014 – CA Technologies (NASDAQ: CA) announced that it has again received a “Strong Positive” rating – the highest rating given – in Gartner’s “MarketScope for IT Project and Portfolio Management Software Applications” report.* It is the third consecutive year that CA Technologies received a “Strong Positive” – a rating given to only two vendors this year. According to the Gartner report, “The pace of change continues to drive demand for projects and programs. This MarketScope analyzes IT PPM software vendors and their products, which are deployed as dedicated instances, either on-site or off-site, giving customers complete or near-complete control of their IT PPM software investment.”* Deployed on-premise or in the cloud, CA PPM supports both execution-level and portfolio-level PPM with a next-generation user experience. It integrates with CA Executive Playbook, an innovative mobile application that uniquely empowers CXOs to strategically manage technology investments in the context of business goals and objectives. “We are proud to receive this recognition once again, which we feel is a testament to the continuous innovation we have been driving in our PPM solution,” said Lokesh Jindal, general manager, IT Business Management, CA Technologies. “CA Executive Playbook will continue to evolve to meet customers’ need for ensuring that their investments are focused on driving business growth and project execution by optimizing available resources for maximum benefit. Mobility, elegant user experience and out-of-the-box value is what our customers expect from us and is our core focus.”  The Gartner report also stated that, “Providers receiving a Strong Positive rating in this MarketScope demonstrate a strong global market presence, depth and breadth in IT PPM functionality, and integration with complementary IT software systems. They have a strong commitment to cloud hosting and made significant internal changes to accommodate a new business model without disrupting current operations.”* In addition to CA Technologies “Strong Positive” rating in this latest MarketScope report, the company is also positioned in the “Leaders” quadrant in Gartner’s “Magic Quadrant for Integrated IT Portfolio Analysis (IIPA) Applications” report.** Download a complimentary copy of the MarketScope report here. *Gartner, Inc. “MarketScope for IT Project and Portfolio Management Software Applications” by Daniel B. Stang, Robert A. Handler, May 16, 2014. **Gartner, Inc., “Magic Quadrant for Integrated IT Portfolio Analysis Applications,” by Daniel B. Stang, Jim Duggan, November 19, 2013. Gartner does not endorse any vendor, product or service depicted in its research publications, and does not advise technology users to select only those vendors with the highest ratings. Gartner research publications consist of the opinions of Gartner's research organization and should not be construed as statements of fact. Gartner disclaims all warranties, expressed or implied, with respect to this research, including any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. About CA Technologies CA Technologies (NASDAQ: CA) provides IT management solutions that help customers manage and secure complex IT environments to support agile business services. Organizations leverage CA Technologies software and SaaS solutions to accelerate innovation, transform infrastructure and secure data and identities, from the data center to the cloud. Learn more about CA Technologies at www.ca.com. Follow CA Technologies Twitter Social Media Page Press Releases Podcasts Legal Notices Copyright © 2014 CA. All rights reserved. All other trademarks, trade names, service marks, and logos referenced herein belong to their respective companies. Press Contacts Hayley  Yap CA Technologies phone: 65-6432-8625 Hayley.Yap@ca.com related-solutions Project and Portfolio Management Related Products Share
Company Information About Us Events Customer Stories Innovation Careers Investors Google Twitter Facebook LinkedIn YouTube Contact Us Blog RSS Social
South East Asia - English legal Privacy Sitemap Copyright © 2014 CA. All rights reserved.
