CA Technologies     65-6336-6911 Connect Now! Try CA
Newsroom Press Releases Press Resources CA Technologies Extends Industry Leadership in API Management and Security with New Solutions that Enable the Open Enterprise Share New Capabilities Provide Secure, Frictionless Application Access and Accelerate API Publishing and Monetization – Delivering Efficiency and Business Opportunity in the Application Economy SINGAPORE, November 11, 2014 — CA WORLD ’14 — CA Technologies (NASDAQ: CA) today announced new and expanded API management solutions that accelerate mobile and web application delivery, improve customer engagements with frictionless access, and open new revenue channels and opportunities.  The CA API Developer Portal is now available as a SaaS offering, and delivers faster time to value, lower support costs, and the ability to leverage enterprise APIs at the speed and scale of the cloud. Businesses can open data as APIs, create, deploy and manage applications more effectively and efficiently to power innovation and competitive advantage.       Myrna Soto, chief information and security officer of Comcast, said:   “The breadth of CA’s identity-based access control portfolio can benefit forward-thinking companies who know security isn’t something you can just bolt onto an app after the fact. CA’s solutions protect and control user access to the application at the front end, while controlling application access to the API for a more secure experience.”   Businesses are rethinking their business models in the Application Economy, with close to 90 percent planning to implement an API program in the next five years. CA is working with customers to securely marshal the hidden value of their APIs to create new applications, attract new users and developers, open new routes to market and grow their businesses.     Rahim Bhatia, senior vice president, API Management at CA Technologies, said:   “We are helping customers unleash the potential of their APIs to create unprecedented growth opportunity. Frictionless security and automated API management become key enablers in the Application Economy, as businesses seek to extend their customer relationships and create new revenue streams. CA is powering our customers’ future and enabling the open enterprise, with identity-based solutions that provide secure, seamless access to APIs with enhanced data and user protection.”    Data security, mobile access and developer engagement are important building blocks for businesses focused on growth in the application economy. CA’s API Management portfolio provides enterprises with a comprehensive set of solutions that externalize APIs in a secure, reliable and manageable way.   According to Forrester Research:   “… CA’s solution has among the best API security, message transformation and integration features in our evaluation. Among the traditional gateway vendors, Layer 7 was an early mover into the API management space, which has given CA a head start to round out the features of its portal and tooling for API product managers. The gateway’s mobile app support is also among the best in our evaluation.”1   The following solutions are part of the broad portfolio of API Management and Security capabilities on display at CA World ’14.   The new CA API Developer Portal SaaS allows customers to leverage the speed and efficiency of the cloud to create, test and publish APIs from data sources in minutes, right off the SaaS platform. And with the latest release of the on-premise CA API Developer Portal, CA is the first leading API management vendor to provide a revenue planner to accelerate API monetization with powerful revenue projection, easier pricing of API assets and simpler invoicing directly from the Portal.    CA also announced an important enhancement to the CA Mobile API Gateway, with a software development kit (SDK), including end-user experience improvements through simplified access for mobile users across all applications – native mobile, hybrid or Web. Integration with the latest release of Samsung KNOX gives organizations an end-to-end mobile app security solution that provides mobile single sign-on while securing the API from instances of rogue apps or tampered devices.   Jeremy Britton, director, Cyber Risk Services at Deloitte & Touche LLP, said:   “The growth in mobile apps, cloud services, developer communities and the Internet of Things has driven the enterprise to open valuable data through APIs, but this presents a big security challenge. CA Technologies recognizes that the application economy demands security in the developer and API world. Deloitte is excited to work with CA and help clients secure their identity-connected open enterprise.”     Today’s announcements were made at CA World ’14, where the company is showcasing breakthrough solutions for DevOps, Security and Management Cloud that create competitive advantage for its customers in the application economy. Resources   Solution Brief: Identity-centric Security; the ca Securecenter Portfolio Infographic: API Security and Management Today Case Study: Air Travel Innovation via APIs Case Study: Empower Employees with Better Access to Applications eBook: 5 Simple Strategies for Securing Your APIs Data Sheet: API Management Suite 1Forrester Research, Inc., “The Forrester Wave™: API Management Solutions, Q3 2014,” September 29, 2014. About CA Technologies CA Technologies (NASDAQ: CA) creates software that fuels transformation for companies and enables them to seize the opportunities of the application economy. Software is at the heart of every business in every industry. From planning, to development, to management and security, CA is working with companies worldwide to change the way we live, transact, and communicate – across mobile, private and public cloud, distributed and mainframe environments. Learn more at www.ca.com. Follow CA Technologies Twitter Social Media Page Press Releases Blogs Legal Notices Copyright © 2014 CA, Inc. All Rights Reserved. All trademarks, trade names, service marks, and logos referenced herein belong to their respective companies. Press Contacts Hayley  Yap CA Technologies phone: 65-6432-8625 Hayley.Yap@ca.com Share
Company Information About Us Events Customer Stories Innovation Careers Investors Google Twitter Facebook LinkedIn YouTube Contact Us Blog RSS Social
South East Asia - English legal Privacy Sitemap Copyright © 2014 CA. All rights reserved.
