CA Technologies     Connect Now! Try CA
Newsroom Press Releases Press Resources CA Technologies Named an Overall Leader in Identity Provisioning by KuppingerCole Share Innovation, Market Presence and Product Capabilities Among the Criteria Used to Determine the Overall Leader Rating SINGAPORE, June 24, 2014 — CA Technologies (NASDAQ: CA) today announced it has been named an “Overall Leader” in identity provisioning in the recent Leadership Compass report issued by KuppingerCole, a leading analyst firm focused on identity-centric information security. CA Identity Manager, CA’s unified solution for user provisioning and user management, was evaluated for the report. In the “Leadership Compass: Identity Provisioning*” report, KuppingerCole evaluated 26 vendors in the areas of innovation, product and market presence. Analysts calculated Overall Leaders based on a combined rating of those three categories. “Based on the long history of the product and the market position of CA Technologies, it is no surprise that CA has done a large number of deployments of CA Identity Manager. As a consequence, there is — besides a mature and rich feature set — a number of additional solutions from CA Services available which add to this functionality,” Martin Kuppinger wrote in the report. Kuppinger also stated, “A particular strength of the product is the availability of the Xpress components such as the Policy Xpress for building logic without coding and Connector Xpress for configuring new connectors.” “Identity provisioning is a core element for protecting a business against data breach and enabling it for success,” said Mike Denning, senior vice president and general manager, Security, CA Technologies. “Businesses that can on-board new employees quickly gain fast productivity; those that can revoke application access immediately when an employee leaves, protect themselves from data theft. CA is proud to be recognized as a leader and for its innovation and success in this area.” For more information on the report, please visit the KuppingerCole website. To learn more about CA Technologies Identity and Access Management solutions, visit http://www.ca.com/sg/securecenter.aspx. * KuppingerCole, “Leadership Compass: Identity Provisioning,” April 2014 About CA Technologies CA Technologies (NASDAQ: CA) provides IT management solutions that help customers manage and secure complex IT environments to support agile business services. Organizations leverage CA Technologies software and SaaS solutions to accelerate innovation, transform infrastructure and secure data and identities, from the data center to the cloud. Learn more about CA Technologies at www.ca.com. Follow CA Technologies Twitter (@CA_APJ) Social Media Page Press Releases Podcasts Legal Notices Copyright © 2014 CA. All rights reserved. All other trademarks, trade names, service marks, and logos referenced herein belong to their respective companies. Press Contacts Hayley  Yap CA Technologies phone: 65-6432-8625 Hayley.Yap@ca.com related-solutions Related Products Share
Company Information About Us Events Customer Stories Innovation Careers Investors Google Twitter Facebook LinkedIn YouTube Contact Us Blog RSS Social
South East Asia - English legal Privacy Sitemap Copyright © 2014 CA. All rights reserved.
