CA Technologies     Connect Now! Try CA
Newsroom Press Releases Press Resources CA Technologies Positioned in Leaders Quadrant of Gartner Magic Quadrant Report for DCIM Share Company Recognized for Completeness of Vision and Ability to Execute on Current and Anticipated Customer Requirements SINGAPORE, September 30, 2014 – CA Technologies (NASDAQ: CA) today announced that it has been positioned by Gartner, Inc. in the Leaders quadrant of the “Magic Quadrant for Data Center Infrastructure Management Tools” report.* According to the report, “Companies in the Leaders quadrant offer a comprehensive range of DCIM functions and capabilities.”CA Data Center Infrastructure Management (DCIM) – a centralized solution for monitoring power, cooling and environmental factors across data center facilities and IT systems as well as managing the use of space and lifecycle of assets which make up the data center infrastructure – was evaluated for the report. In the report, Gartner stated, “Leaders show evidence of superior vision and execution on current and anticipated customer requirements, and they receive positive customer feedback for large, complex DCIM implementations and related service and support.” “As a result of today’s application economy, the demand on organizations to launch new applications or services more often and faster than ever before has put added pressure on IT and facilities to work together to ensure that infrastructure delivers efficiency, availability and agility,” said Stephen Miles, vice president, Enterprise Management, Asia Pacific and Japan, CA Technologies. “We believe Gartner’s acknowledgement of CA Technologies as a leader is a testament of our commitment in helping customers to optimize their data centers to better support the growing needs of their business so that they can control costs and offer new and differentiated services that will help increase revenue.” Gartner also stated in the report that, “All data center managers and associated facilities managers and infrastructure and operations (I&O) leaders that have at least a moderately sized data center should consider investing in DCIM solutions.” To receive a complimentary copy of the report, please visit Magic Quadrant for DCIM. *Gartner, Inc., “Magic Quadrant for Data Center Infrastructure Management Tools” by Jay E. Pultz, David J. Cappuccio, April Adams, Federico De Silva, Naveen Mishra, Henrique Cecci, Rakesh Kumar, September 22, 2014. Gartner does not endorse any vendor, product or service depicted in its research publications, and does not advise technology users to select only those vendors with the highest ratings or other designation. Gartner research publications consist of the opinions of Gartner's research organization and should not be construed as statements of fact. Gartner disclaims all warranties, expressed or implied, with respect to this research, including any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. About CA Technologies CA Technologies (NASDAQ: CA) creates software that fuels transformation for companies and enables them to seize the opportunities of the application economy. Software is at the heart of every business in every industry. From planning, to development, to management and security, CA is working with companies worldwide to change the way we live, transact, and communicate – across mobile, private and public cloud, distributed and mainframe environments. Learn more at  www.ca.com. Follow CA Technologies Twitter Social Media Page Press Releases Blogs Legal Notices Copyright © 2014 CA. All Rights Reserved. All trademarks, trade names, service marks, and logos referenced herein belong to their respective companies. Press Contacts Hayley  Yap CA Technologies phone: 65-6432-8625 Hayley.Yap@ca.com related-solutions Infrastructure Management Related Products Share
Company Information About Us Events Customer Stories Innovation Careers Investors Google Twitter Facebook LinkedIn YouTube Contact Us Blog RSS Social
South East Asia - English legal Privacy Sitemap Copyright © 2014 CA. All rights reserved.
