CA Technologies     Connect Now! Try CA
Newsroom Press Releases Press Resources IIJ Global Expands Cloud Service Offerings with CA Nimsoft Monitor Share Leading solutions provider in Japan extends CA’s powerful and comprehensive IT monitoring software to customers in Asia Pacific Singapore, 25 August – CA Technologies (NASDAQ: CA) today announced that IIJ Global Solutions Singapore (IIJ Global Singapore), IIJ Group’s local subsidiary (IIJ, NASDAQ: IIJI, Tokyo Stock Exchange TSE1: 3774, one of Japan’s leading Internet-access and network solutions providers), has added CA Nimsoft Monitor to its wide range of cloud solution offerings for small and medium businesses. With CA Nimsoft Monitor, IIJ Global Singapore can now provide its customers with comprehensive 24 hour monitoring and reporting solution services on a unified, holistic platform. This unified monitoring platform provided by CA Nimsoft Monitor enables IIJ Global Singapore to help its customers better optimize resources, planning and investments while also reducing time spent troubleshooting. “We see more and more of our customers showing an interest in deploying cloud services due to its flexibility and cost-effectiveness. However, many hesitate because they fear losing control of their IT systems,” said Osamu Ono, managing director, IIJ Global Singapore. “By providing CA Nimsoft Monitor with our cloud solution, we have been able to address these concerns. And, we are giving our customers visibility into their IT environments. This can help support their efforts to manage and improve the productivity and efficiency of their operations.” CA Nimsoft Monitor provides comprehensive and proactive IT monitoring coverage through a single, unified architecture that supports traditional data centers, and virtualization and cloud environments. It is simple to use and has a lightweight footprint that delivers the scalability and multi-tenancy required by enterprises and managed service providers – all on a single code-base. IT operations teams can quickly adopt and manage new customer-centric services, applications and technologies to help grow their businesses by taking advantage of its unique “plug and play” architecture. “Due to the nature of today’s complex IT environments, it is very important for organizations to measure the impact and success of their IT deployments – no matter where they reside,” said Stephen Miles, vice president, Enterprise Management, Asia Pacific & Japan, CA Technologies. “Through service providers like IIJ Global Singapore, we are able to offer the enterprise class unified monitoring capabilities of CA Nimsoft Monitor to even more businesses in Asia Pacific and Japan. With CA Nimsoft Monitor, IIJ Global Singapore’s customers have the control they need and demand to maximize the value of their IT operations to help grow their businesses.” About IIJ Founded in 1992, Internet Initiative Japan Inc. (IIJ, NASDAQ: IIJI, Tokyo Stock Exchange TSE1: 3774) is one of Japan's leading Internet-access and comprehensive network solutions providers. IIJ and its group companies provide total network solutions that mainly cater to high-end corporate customers. IIJ's services include high-quality systems integration, cloud computing/data center services, security services, and Internet access. Moreover, IIJ has built one of the largest Internet backbone networks in Japan that is connected to the United States, the United Kingdom and Asia. IIJ was listed on NASDAQ in 1999 and on the First Section of the Tokyo Stock Exchange in 2006. For more information about IIJ, visit the IIJ Web site at http://www.iij.ad.jp/en/. About CA Technologies CA Technologies (NASDAQ: CA) provides IT management solutions that help customers manage and secure complex IT environments to support agile business services. Organizations leverage CA Technologies software and SaaS solutions to accelerate innovation, transform infrastructure and secure data and identities, from the data center to the cloud. Learn more about CA Technologies at www.ca.com. Follow CA Technologies Twitter Social Media Page Press Releases Legal Notices Copyright © 2014 CA. All Rights Reserved. One CA Plaza, Islandia, N.Y. 11749. All other trademarks, trade names, service marks, and logos referenced herein belong to their respective companies. Press Contacts Hayley  Yap CA Technologies phone: 65-6432-8625 Hayley.Yap@ca.com Share
Company Information About Us Events Customer Stories Innovation Careers Investors Google Twitter Facebook LinkedIn YouTube Contact Us Blog RSS Social
South East Asia - English legal Privacy Sitemap Copyright © 2014 CA. All rights reserved.
