CA Technologies     Connect Now! Try CA
Newsroom Press Releases Press Resources CA Technologies Brings New Innovation to Lifecycle Management Share CA Application Lifecycle Conductor Enhances Speed and Quality of Application Development SINGAPORE, November 11, 2014 — CA WORLD ’14 — CA Technologies (NASDAQ:CA) today announced availability of CA Application Lifecycle Conductor, a new lifecycle management solution that automates and manages application development spanning mobile to mainframe environments - from the initial service desk ticket to deployment in production. CA Application Lifecycle Conductor, recently acquired through an agreement with SCM Solutions Inc., provides customers with integration and orchestration capability across development technologies. CA Application Lifecycle Conductor enables customers to visualize, control and manage the complex flow of their development processes through a common user interface, with seamless lifecycle management across all environments. Julie Craig, research director at Enterprise Management Associates, Inc., said: “With this solution, CA has integrated and converted its lifecycle solutions into building blocks that can ‘talk’ to CA Application Lifecycle Conductor, ensuring smooth transitions as code and metadata flow from one stage to the next.  The automated, integrated approach offered by CA Application Lifecycle Conductor supports rapid application delivery with a single interface that provides visibility into processes and events across mainframe and distributed platforms at every stage of the lifecycle.”   CA Application Lifecycle Conductor delivers continuity, quality and traceability to DevOps initiatives. This solution combines elements, such as requirements, source control management, testing and deployment, into a unified view. Michael Madden, general manager, Mainframe at CA Technologies, said: “The mainframe is at the heart of billions of transactions and powers the backend of the application economy. It is an integral part of the DevOps processes being implemented across our customer base. With CA Application Lifecycle Conductor, we are helping accelerate the development of high-quality applications by providing oversight across every step of the complex, cross-platform application lifecycle.” Resources White Paper: Taming the Heterogeneity Beast - Application Development and Delivery in a “Mainframe to Mobile” World Data Sheet: CA Application Lifecycle Conductor About CA Technologies CA Technologies (NASDAQ:CA) creates software that fuels transformation for companies and enables them to seize the opportunities of the application economy. Software is at the heart of every business in every industry. From planning, to development, to management and security, CA is working with companies worldwide to change the way we live, transact, and communicate – across mobile, private and public cloud, distributed and mainframe environments. Learn more at www.ca.com. Follow CA Technologies Twitter Social Media Page Press Releases Blogs Legal Notices Copyright © 2014 CA, Inc. All Rights Reserved. All trademarks, trade names, service marks, and logos referenced herein belong to their respective companies. Press Contacts Hayley  Yap CA Technologies phone: 65-6432-8625 Hayley.Yap@ca.com related-solutions Mainframe Related Products Share
Company Information About Us Events Customer Stories Innovation Careers Investors Google Twitter Facebook LinkedIn YouTube Contact Us Blog RSS Social
South East Asia - English legal Privacy Sitemap Copyright © 2014 CA. All rights reserved.
