CA Technologies     Connect Now! Try CA
Newsroom Press Releases Press Resources CA Technologies Delivers Next Wave of DevOps Innovation Share New Connectivity between CA Service Virtualization and CA API Management Accelerates Development and Enhances Application Quality SINGAPORE, November 11, 2014 — CA WORLD ’14 — CA Technologies (NASDAQ:CA) today introduced new DevOps solutions and enhancements that further unify IT development and operations teams to drive faster and more effective development, deployment and management of high-quality applications. New, industry-first, seamless integration of service virtualization with API management allows customers to deliver more powerful applications quickly and more effectively. As businesses seek to use APIs to build applications and open new revenue opportunities, CA has extended Agile Parallel Development in the enterprise to power innovation and growth for customers.  Melinda Ballou, program director, Application Life-Cycle Management and Executive Strategies at IDC, said: “APIs are becoming the primary customer interface for technology-driven products and services on mobile and other environments and a key channel for driving revenue and brand engagement. Yet organizations lag at being able to test and improve API quality. By integrating CA Service Virtualization and automated testing with API management capabilities, CA is helping to enable parallel development efforts and improve application quality. We believe CA made the right decision to integrate their service virtualization and test with API management solutions. Offering these kinds of combined capabilities is differentiating and can enable rapid application delivery.” The CA DevOps portfolio on display at CA World includes solutions across all platforms, from mobile to mainframe. Using CA DevOps solutions, customers have reported significant improvements in productivity (up to 60 percent), development speed (between 25 and 50 percent) and deployment (with up to 15 times reduction in manual effort). Dana Edwards, managing director and chief technology officer at MUFG Union Bank, said: “As a full-service bank with offices and data centers across the United States, we have focused on becoming the world’s finest technology organization, so the fast delivery of new products and services is a priority. It’s one thing to make the release date, but if we also release a superior product, under budget, with minimum defects and stress tested for maximum loads using the benefits of simulation, that’s even better. As a result of CA Service Virtualization, we have reduced the costs for testing cycles by 65-85 percent, application development time is reduced, downtime due to refreshing test environments is now one hour vs. 10 hours, and time to set up development environments has been cut from 42 days to just three days.” Mandi Haas, director, Release Management and HealthPAS Administrator of Molina Healthcare, said: “We faced vast challenges of processing complex claims through numerous integrated software components required for a Medicaid Management Information System. With CA Release Automation, we were able to reduce the cost of human error by 90 percent, speed up application deployment time by more than 75 percent, and ultimately increase customer service.” Ramesh Ganapathy, head of DevOps, North America at Tech Mahindra said: “CA’s easy-to-use DevOps solutions provide innovative methods for tackling various technology requirements that ultimately helped us reduce costs in development, test and quality assurance areas. With CA Service Virtualization and CA Release Automation, we were able to improve our service delivery cycle time by 20-22 percent, reduce bugs by approximately 30-35 percent in production and 25-30 percent in the overall development cycle time. As a result, our application release time has been shortened from days to minutes.” Additional enhancements to the CA DevOps solutions announced today include: new CA Mobile App Analytics to extend application performance management across all platforms and important new CA Release Automation features that further accelerate multi-tiered application deployments.  Raj Rao, senior vice president and general manager, Application Delivery at CA Technologies, said: “CA is providing the software backbone needed to transform enterprises into high-quality application factories. Our new and enhanced DevOps solutions include industry-first capabilities that will accelerate development and deployment cycles and drive higher performance to meet growing end-user demands. Applications are the face of business, and we are helping our customers gain new competitive advantage in a world powered by applications.” The following solutions are part of the broad portfolio of DevOps capability on display at CA World ’14. Agile Parallel Development – New capability unleashes development velocity Newly released connectivity between CA Service Virtualization 8.0 and CA’s industry-leading API Management brings APIs into the DevOps process, and delivers improved time-to-market and quality for customers. CA Service Virtualization 8.0 improves the speed of error and defect detection and resolution, and provides more powerful and automated simulated test environments.  Continuous Delivery – Connects with any open-source DevOps tool to offer high-speed, high-quality release automation With CA Release Automation 5.5, CA further strengthens customers’ ability to drive the continuous delivery of multi-tiered application deployments. New customer integrations can now be delivered in minutes – instead of days, with automated deployment across the application lifecycle. And, the industry’s most comprehensive third party, open-source integration library protects customers’ prior IT investments.    Chandranshu Singh, senior analyst at Ovum commented on CA’s DevOps offerings in a September 2014, OVUM SWOT Assessment report: “The application release process is still being run manually in many organizations; not only is it resource intensive and inefficient but also error prone. The business impact of faulty releases is two-fold: on the one hand, there is revenue loss or penalties are imposed by the client; and on the other hand, there is the loss of reputation. Release automation tools help organizations avoid production issues caused by erroneous releases. “CA Service Virtualization and CA Release Automation are tightly integrated and make for a compelling offering for organizations looking to speed up their application delivery. Furthermore, the two products are among the market-leading tools in their respective categories. CA Technologies has managed to establish itself in a fast-growing and competitive market segment and is well placed to capitalize on its position.” Agile Operations – Deeper application performance analytics to enable a higher quality user-experience New CA Mobile App Analytics (CA MAA) extends CA’s performance management across all enterprise applications and supporting infrastructure, from mobile to mainframe. Tighter business KPI alignment allows customers to identify and remedy issues faster, and track application performance against key business measures. Global Service Delivery Drives Successful DevOps Transformation A recent study showed that more than half of organizations require consulting support to help them achieve a successful DevOps transformation. To meet this need, CA offers an expanding DevOps practice with a strong network of partners to offer training, assessment and other key services to promote successful DevOps adoption. A growing network of partners will support customers anywhere in the DevOps methodology adoption cycle. Rohit Antao, principal and enterprise DevOps leader at PwC, said: "Today's digital reality is placing tremendous pressure on IT leaders to maintain an unwavering focus on speed to market, while not losing sight of service experience and quality. By combining PwC's deep industry knowledge and IT transformation experience with CA's DevOps solutions, we are in a great position to help clients that have found themselves at this cross section. Together, we will be able to address the most pressing IT delivery issues enterprises are faced with today." Vilas Patil, practice leader, DevOps Services at Cognizant, said: “DevOps is becoming a vital platform of our clients’ continuous delivery strategies. That is why Cognizant and CA are expanding our partnership to help companies drive innovation and business value with DevOps. By combining Cognizant’s DevOps experience and the ca Devcenter technologies, we can help companies automate complex release deployments, reduce errors and speed up application delivery from days to minutes.” Today’s announcements were made at CA World ’14, where the company is showcasing the latest Security, DevOps and Management Cloud solutions – critical for customer success in the Application Economy.  Market Research An overwhelming 88 percent of enterprises are driving or planning to implement a DevOps strategy to power their software development and deployment capabilities. In fact, almost half (49 percent) of the “Leaders” identified in the study have adopted DevOps methodologies and technologies to speed application delivery, versus only 6 percent of the “Laggards.” Resources: DIRECTV Video Interview: Can a DevOps approach improve your agility and time-to-market? OVUM SWOT Assessment, CA Release Automation 5.0, Chandranshu Singh, September 17, 2014 About CA Technologies CA Technologies (NASDAQ: CA) creates software that fuels transformation for companies and enables them to seize the opportunities of the application economy. Software is at the heart of every business in every industry. From planning, to development, to management and security, CA is working with companies worldwide to change the way we live, transact, and communicate – across mobile, private and public cloud, distributed and mainframe environments. Learn more at www.ca.com. Follow CA Technologies Twitter Social Media Page Press Releases Blogs Legal Notices Copyright © 2014 CA, Inc. All Rights Reserved. All trademarks, trade names, service marks, and logos referenced herein belong to their respective companies. Press Contacts Hayley  Yap CA Technologies phone: 65-6432-8625 Hayley.Yap@ca.com Share
Company Information About Us Events Customer Stories Innovation Careers Investors Google Twitter Facebook LinkedIn YouTube Contact Us Blog RSS Social
South East Asia - English legal Privacy Sitemap Copyright © 2014 CA. All rights reserved.
