CA Technologies     Connect Now! Try CA
Newsroom Press Releases Press Resources Day 2 of CA World ’14 – Innovation Keynote Presents Vision of a Future Powered by Software Share SINGAPORE, November 12, 2014 — CA WORLD ’14 — CA Technologies (NASDAQ:CA) opened day 2 of CA World ’14 with a keynote from Amit Chatterjee, executive vice president, Enterprise Solutions and Technology, who addressed thousands of customers and partners from around the world. Software now defines a company’s competitiveness and success. Noting that companies that use software to power their future outperform their peers, Chatterjee discussed the enormous opportunity available to companies that seize the opportunities of the Application Economy. “This is a pivotal moment in software.  Enterprise software is fundamentally changing.  It’s no longer about packaged applications.  One size fits all. It’s about taking existing applications, the data that’s in the enterprise, and new content, to create more personalized applications that serve your specific needs and power your business.” “Companies that are using software to power their future are seeing revenues and profits rise.  And, when you ask line-of-business leaders to list their top priorities, 94 percent say launching a new powerful application is on their must-do list.” “Because if you can deliver the goods, you are driving your company’s success and contributing to your future.” New disruptive forces will define a business’ ability to compete and win in the Application Economy With applications proliferating across the global economy, new emerging disruptive forces will redefine how a business uses technology to achieve competitive advantage.  Chatterjee discussed these forces, the challenges they present and the potential enormous opportunity for growth they open for businesses.  1.       The Unwired Enterprise “Five years ago, we started hearing about the Internet of Things.  We’re starting to see that taken to the next level.  No parameters.  No on/off switch.  No log-ons or ‘connect to WiFi.’  It’s an era of perpetual connectivity.  And it will expand the universe of opportunity.” “You recall the BYOD movement and the headache it caused?  Well, the Unwired Enterprise will be logarithmically more complex.  The volume of data (it) will create will be simply enormous.  It will flow across networks at unprecedented velocity and volume…creating a data tidal wave in your organization and enormous pressure on your infrastructure.” 2.       Ambient Data In the Unwired Enterprise…“Data will no longer reside on a mobile device, in the cloud, or in silos or structured databases.  Data will simply be out there, generated by sources both within your control and outside your control. Six billion terabytes of data that businesses will need to capture and transform.” “As a result of this growth, you won’t have one big data repository anymore.  You will have multitudes.  Today, in our software labs we have teams of engineers building new, powerful solutions.  We’re going to give you a better way to manage heterogeneous big data.” 3.       API-Assembled Applications “We’re entering a world where packaged applications don’t matter and where temporal applications are spinning up automatically as needed.  Using APIs to assemble these applications will accelerate your ability to meet market demands and open a new universe of opportunity.” “You need to (…) build applications with the data across your internal systems.  As well as from the free-flowing information that exists beyond your infrastructure, in your social networks, search engines, partner applications and all other available data.  APIs provide the unifying platform.  Because it will allow you to spin up applications quickly and effectively, to drive new experiences, open new revenue streams, and power your future in the Application Economy.” CA offers the capabilities you need today, and in the future “There’s no question tomorrow will come, and with it, incredible advances and innovation.  Fortunes will be made.  Entirely new categories and market leaders will be born.  And, it will all happen because of what you do today.” “At CA, we’re here to help.  We are building the tools that enable tomorrow across every environment and ecosystem in the Application Economy.  We’re eager to help you innovate so that everyone in this room can seize the opportunity today.” Chatterjee also discussed the solutions launched at CA World in the Management Cloud, Security and DevOps.   Releases are all available at CA.com and are being showcased at CA World ’14.  Register to view the keynote streamed live or as a replay. CA World ’14 takes place at the Mandalay Bay hotel in Las Vegas from November 10-12.  The company is showcasing breakthrough solutions for DevOps, Security and the Management Cloud that create competitive advantage for businesses in the application economy. About CA Technologies CA Technologies (NASDAQ: CA) creates software that fuels transformation for companies and enables them to seize the opportunities of the application economy. Software is at the heart of every business in every industry. From planning, to development, to management and security, CA is working with companies worldwide to change the way we live, transact, and communicate – across mobile, private and public cloud, distributed and mainframe environments. Learn more at www.ca.com. Follow CA Technologies Twitter Social Media Page Press Releases Blogs Legal Notices Copyright © 2014 CA, Inc. All Rights Reserved. All trademarks, trade names, service marks, and logos referenced herein belong to their respective companies. Press Contacts Hayley  Yap CA Technologies phone: 65-6432-8625 Hayley.Yap@ca.com Share
Company Information About Us Events Customer Stories Innovation Careers Investors Google Twitter Facebook LinkedIn YouTube Contact Us Blog RSS Social
South East Asia - English legal Privacy Sitemap Copyright © 2014 CA. All rights reserved.
