CA Technologies     Connect Now! Try CA
Newsroom Press Releases Press Resources CA Technologies Works with Facebook to Help Drive Efficiencies and Reliability in Its Global Data Centers Share CA Innovation Helps Provide Power Improvements in One of the Most Demanding IT Environments in the World Singapore, January 29, 2014 – CA Technologies (NASDAQ: CA) announced that Facebook, Inc. (NASDAQ: FB) is using CA DCIM (CA Data Center Infrastructure Management) software to bring together millions of energy-related data points from physical and IT resources in its global data centers to improve power efficiency. Facebook conducted an intensive DCIM vendor review process. CA was one of a dozen considered and completed a proof-of-concept, followed by a more extensive pilot in a 100,000-square-foot data center. Upon completion of the pilot, Facebook worked with CA to create a custom solution to deliver on the energy-related DCIM requirements today and in the future, in terms of technology innovation and CA’s ability to execute with speed and scalability, as well as working together to adjust and fine-tune associated business objectives. “We are on a mission to help connect the world, and our IT infrastructure is core to our success,” said Tom Furlong, VP, Infrastructure Data Centers, Facebook. “We are continually looking at ways to optimize our data centers and bringing all of our energy-related information together in one spot was a core requirement.” Facebook presented initial results of the Facebook and CA DCIM implementation at the Open Compute Project Summit 2014. “Every single day, 728 million people actively use Facebook and expectations around quality of service, availability and reliability are extremely high,” said Terrence Clark, senior vice president, Infrastructure Management, CA Technologies. “This places significant demands on the IT infrastructure with little room for error or costly inefficiencies. As a result, it is a top priority for Facebook’s IT and facilities teams to know as much as they can about how their infrastructure is performing from a power and cooling standpoint, where potential problems might lie with energy-related systems and where there are opportunities for associated cost savings. “Facebook’s IT team can now bring this energy-related data into their broader DCIM system for an even more complete view of overall system status. They can then analyze all of the data in aggregate to make decisions to improve efficiency and reduce costs, while delivering a seamless customer experience and creating new opportunities for innovation.” CA DCIM provides a web-based centralized solution for monitoring power, cooling and environmentals across facilities and IT systems in the data center as well as managing the use of space and lifecycle of assets which make up the data center infrastructure. To learn more, visit http://www.ca.com/dcim. About CA Technologies CA Technologies (NASDAQ: CA) provides IT management solutions that help customers manage and secure complex IT environments to support agile business services. Organizations leverage CA Technologies software and SaaS solutions to accelerate innovation, transform infrastructure and secure data and identities, from the data center to the cloud. Learn more about CA Technologies at www.ca.com. Follow CA Technologies Twitter (@CA_APJ) Social Media Page Press Releases Podcasts Legal Notices Copyright © 2014 CA. All Rights Reserved. One CA Plaza, Islandia, N.Y. 11749. All other trademarks, trade names, service marks, and logos referenced herein belong to their respective companies. Press Contacts Hayley  Yap CA Technologies phone: 65-6432-8625 Hayley.Yap@ca.com related-solutions Infrastructure Management Related Products Share
Company Information About Us Events Customer Stories Innovation Careers Investors Google Twitter Facebook LinkedIn YouTube Contact Us Blog RSS Social
South East Asia - English legal Privacy Sitemap Copyright © 2014 CA. All rights reserved.
