CA Technologies     65-6336-6911 Connect Now! Try CA
Newsroom Press Releases Press Resources CBNCloud Strengthens Cloud Services Portfolio with CA Nimsoft Monitor Share Indonesian cloud services pioneer to offer agile, powerful and comprehensive IT monitoring software Jakarta, August 18, 2014 – CA Technologies (NASDAQ: CA) today announced that CBNCloud, a pioneer of cloud services in Indonesia, has bolstered its managed services portfolio with CA Nimsoft Monitor. CBNCloud’s customers now have access to holistic, focused monitoring of on-premises and cloud-based infrastructures. CA Technologies sees a strong demand for cloud services in Indonesia, where cloud adoption is expected to grow at a CAGR of 48%1, making it one of the fastest growing in the world. As a managed service provider (MSP) operating in this competitive cloud computing environment, it is crucial for CBNCloud to offer greater value to its customers through a richer service offering. CA Nimsoft Monitor gives CBNCloud’s customers visibility into their IT environment to help ensure the availability and performance of key infrastructure elements such as network devices, servers, databases and applications. Together with CA’s Country Representative Partner (CRP), PT. CA Solusi Teknologi and implementation partner PT. Sentra Inovasi Solusi, CBNCloud has put in place the infrastructure to deliver this service across Indonesia as part of its managed services portfolio and anticipates a return on investment (ROI) within nine months. “We chose CA Nimsoft Monitor because it provides sophisticated monitoring quickly and simply. Our clients now have enterprise class visibility into the diverse IT resources that support their business-critical IT services,” said Budhi Wibawa, CEO, CBNCloud. “CBNCloud has differentiated itself from the market by offering our customers a very cost-effective, easy to use, end-to-end monitoring platform on top of our existing cloud services offerings to meet all their business and IT operations needs.” CA Nimsoft Monitor provides comprehensive and proactive IT monitoring coverage through a single, unified architecture that supports traditional data centers, and virtualization and cloud environments. It is simple to use and has a lightweight footprint that delivers the scalability and multi-tenancy required by enterprises and managed service providers – all on a single code-base. IT operations teams can quickly adopt and manage new customer-centric services, applications and technologies to help grow their businesses by taking advantage of its unique “plug and play” architecture. “Rapidly growing business demands are increasing IT infrastructure complexities and fueling the need for today's organizations to have a better understanding of the performance and availability of their cloud infrastructures," said Stephen Miles, vice president, Enterprise Management, Asia Pacific and Japan, CA Technologies. "With CA Nimsoft Monitor managed service providers such as CBNCloud can reduce their own IT costs as well as provide a superior service that helps their customers get maximum value from their IT investments.” About CBNCloud PT Cyberindo Mega Persada (CBNCloud) is one of the pioneer cloud computing providers in Indonesia that keeps on innovating to give the complete solution with the best and newest technology for their customers. Optimizing to simplify their customers life is the main goal of their innovation. For further information please visit www.cbncloud.co.id or email sales@cbncloud.co.id. 1http://www.gbgindonesia.com/en/services/article/2012/the_outlook_for_indonesia_s_ict_sector.php About CA Technologies CA Technologies (NASDAQ: CA) provides IT management solutions that help customers manage and secure complex IT environments to support agile business services. Organizations leverage CA Technologies software and SaaS solutions to accelerate innovation, transform infrastructure and secure data and identities, from the data center to the cloud. Learn more about CA Technologies at www.ca.com. Follow CA Technologies Twitter Social Media Page Press Releases Legal Notices Copyright © 2014 CA. All rights reserved. All other trademarks, trade names, service marks, and logos referenced herein belong to their respective companies. Press Contacts Hayley  Yap CA Technologies phone: 65-6432-8625 Hayley.Yap@ca.com Share
Company Information About Us Events Customer Stories Innovation Careers Investors Google Twitter Facebook LinkedIn YouTube Contact Us Blog RSS Social
South East Asia - English legal Privacy Sitemap Copyright © 2014 CA. All rights reserved.
