CA Technologies     65-6336-6911 Connect Now! Try CA
Newsroom Press Releases Press Resources Global Study Reveals that the Role of IT Continues to Shift Towards Enabling Innovation and Leveraging Disruptive Technologies for Business Success Share Lines of Business Spending on IT Expected to Swell to 45% in Three Years SINGAPORE, JUNE 11, 2014 – According to a new study by CA Technologies (NASDAQ: CA), “TechInsights Report: The Changing Role of IT and What to Do About It,” CIOs in Asia Pacific and Japan (APJ) lead the world in viewing IT as “very strategically important” or “fundamental” to the business. (*Stats:89 percent of CIOs in APJ responding that IT is very strategically important or fundamental to the business compared to 78 percent in Europe and 51 percent in the United States.) The study also confirms what many in the industry have suspected: as the role of IT is increasingly seen as supporting business, the IT spend is growing within other lines of business. More than one-third (36 percent) of IT spend is now happening outside of the IT department in APJ organizations. This clearly demonstrates the transformation of technology from a centrally-managed IT responsibility to corporate-wide business enabler and redefines how technology is purchased, deployed and used. And, within three years, the amount of IT spending controlled by lines of business is expected to swell to 45 percent. The consequences for IT leaders are enormous. They must now become senior advisors who not only manage but also influence and strategically guide a corporation’s IT investments. As business transformation driven by software becomes the norm and businesses use new applications to engage their employees and customers, the role of IT in APJ organizations will start to shift more rapidly towards enabling and accelerating this trend. Commenting on the findings, Kenneth Arredondo, President & General Manager, Asia Pacific & Japan, CA Technologies said: “Software and technology are transforming organizations in Asia Pacific and Japan, creating new businesses from the ground up and even revolutionizing industries.” “Customers are demanding new applications and experiences and they want them now. Employees require new tools to stay one step ahead of the competition. As a result, we are seeing a seismic shift in the way technology is seen, purchased, used and deployed across enterprises in the region. IT departments must evolve from single-source providers to business consultants, brokers and advisors, or risk becoming marginalized in the software and technology-driven economy.” This shift is expected to continue with 81 percent of respondents in APJ anticipating further changes in the role of IT in their organization over the next five years, compared to just 42 percent in the United States. With the growing appreciation of IT’s contribution towards business success and the availability of leading edge management and security enterprise solutions, the distribution of IT budget in APJ organizations will change accordingly. Respondents in the region are currently spending half of their IT budget (50 percent) on maintenance, or “keeping the lights on” activities. However, this figure is expected to shift in favor of innovation within three years, which will increase to 60 percent of their budget while maintenance falls to 40 percent. The change of IT’s role to become an enabler of business is in some respect still at the nascent state in the region, pointing to further opportunities for growth and transformation. The study reveals that activities such as developing new, innovative products/services (13 percent) and driving new business initiatives (21 percent) are not top of mind with most IT departments in APJ. Instead, traditional IT duties top the list—ensuring the organization’s critical data is secure (45 percent), providing technology support to employees (38 percent), and maintaining infrastructure and applications (36 percent). Other key findings in APJ include: 74 percent of respondents in APJ say the top IT executive in their organization reports to the CEO, underscoring the importance of IT to the lines of business (LOBs). In China, this figure is at 99 percent, which is the highest in the world. The relationship of IT and LOBs is changing in APJ: 44 percent say IT acts as a service broker or consultant to the LOBs rather than as an exclusive supplier, and LOBs contribution to IT spending is expected to increase. IT leaders need to better align with the business and educate management to leverage disruptive technologies: Cloud computing (53 percent), mobility (36 percent), and business intelligence/analytics (33 percent) are seen by APJ respondents as the top three biggest trends impacting IT at present. 52 percent say IT needs to provide more training on these new technologies, and 44 percent say IT needs to align closer with the business to understand these key priorities. Survey Methodology Vanson Bourne conducted the CA Technologies-sponsored study of 1,300 senior IT leaders in six Asia-Pacific countries (Australia, China, India, Japan, Singapore and South Korea) and 15 other countries around the world in May through July 2013. The study’s respondents assume IT executive, management, project lead or enterprise architect positions at enterprises with revenues of $100 million or more. For more information on the research and to download the whitepaper, visit http://www.ca.com/sg/insights/changing-role-of-it.aspx. About CA Technologies CA Technologies (NASDAQ: CA) provides IT management solutions that help customers manage and secure complex IT environments to support agile business services. Organizations leverage CA Technologies software and SaaS solutions to accelerate innovation, transform infrastructure and secure data and identities, from the data center to the cloud. Learn more about CA Technologies at www.ca.com. Follow CA Technologies Twitter Social Media Page Press Releases Legal Notices Copyright © 2014 CA. All Rights Reserved. One CA Plaza, Islandia, N.Y. 11749. All other trademarks, trade names, service marks, and logos referenced herein belong to their respective companies. Press Contacts Hayley  Yap CA Technologies phone: 65-6432-8625 Hayley.Yap@ca.com Share
Company Information About Us Events Customer Stories Innovation Careers Investors Google Twitter Facebook LinkedIn YouTube Contact Us Blog RSS Social
South East Asia - English legal Privacy Sitemap Copyright © 2014 CA. All rights reserved.
