CA Technologies     65-6336-6911 Connect Now! Try CA
Newsroom Press Releases Press Resources CA Technologies Powers Security, Usability and Trust for Enterprise Apps on Samsung KNOX Share Expanded Technology Alliance with Samsung; CA Mobile API Gateway Integration with Samsung KNOX Offers End-to-End App Security, Controlling Access to the App and API SINGAPORE, November 11, 2014 — CA Technologies (NASDAQ:CA) has improved security and usability for Samsung KNOX™-managed enterprise mobile applications with CA Mobile API Gateway. Together CA and Samsung deliver a unique, end-to-end mobile app security solution that gives Samsung KNOX enterprise users mobile app single sign-on (SSO) while controlling app access to the enterprise API. Samsung KNOX is a mobile security platform designed to provide advanced device, app and data protection for Android devices. The CA Mobile API Gateway with Samsung KNOX uniquely offers organizations a comprehensive security solution to use and build secure apps. The Mobile API Gateway integrates with existing identity infrastructures and offers SSO for a secure and convenient way to work across multiple apps, whether mobile, web or additional third party apps. It also protects the apps by controlling the connection to the API and backend data based on user, device and app status and condition. Dr. Injong Rhee, senior vice president of KNOX Business, IT & Mobile Communications Division at Samsung Electronics, said: “Over the next five years, we expect up to 800 million mobile devices in use across the enterprise. Protecting and enabling app use on those devices is critical to business success. Samsung KNOX, integrated with CA’s API management and security technology, gives our customers extended breadth of security, from the device to the API, while maintaining user convenience.” Together, the CA Mobile API Gateway and Samsung KNOX deliver: Security that leverages existing identity infrastructure to deliver convenient app SSO across all app types, including native mobile, hybrid and Web-based. End-to-end security that controls access to the app and API through context based policies, incorporating application integrity and device software attestation to ensure the device is tamper-free. Development tools and SDKs that make building secure apps easy. By taking care of the security aspects of app development, the SDK allows developers to focus on app design, functionality and user experience. Rahim Bhatia, senior vice president, API Management at CA Technologies, said: “The risk of device compromise and experiencing app loss of integrity is too great a gamble in the business world. Organizations need to ensure that the users, apps and devices that have access to their APIs and backend data are approved and have met strict check points. Working together, Samsung KNOX and CA have created a solution that addresses the deeper issues of mobile app security to give organizations greater confidence as they leverage the power of mobility in their business.” CA’s integration and support for Samsung KNOX is being shown at CA World ‘14 in the ca Securecenter area of the exhibit hall. In addition, Rick Segal, vice president, Strategic Relations, KNOX Business, IT & Mobile Communications Division at Samsung Electronics, will join Amit Chatterjee, executive vice president, Enterprise Solutions and Technology Group, CA Technologies, during his keynote on Tuesday, November 11, and CA will be a featured partner participant at the Samsung Developer Conference Nov. 11 – 13. About Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. is a global leader in technology, opening new possibilities for people everywhere. Through relentless innovation and discovery, we are transforming the worlds of TVs, smartphones, tablets, PCs, cameras, home appliances, printers, LTE systems, medical devices, semiconductors and LED solutions. We employ 286,000 people across 80 countries with annual sales of US$216.7 billion. To discover more, please visit www.samsung.com. About CA Technologies CA Technologies (NASDAQ: CA) creates software that fuels transformation for companies and enables them to seize the opportunities of the application economy. Software is at the heart of every business in every industry. From planning, to development, to management and security, CA is working with companies worldwide to change the way we live, transact, and communicate – across mobile, private and public cloud, distributed and mainframe environments. Learn more at www.ca.com. Follow CA Technologies Twitter Social Media Page Press Releases Blogs Legal Notices Copyright © 2014 CA, Inc. All Rights Reserved. All trademarks, trade names, service marks, and logos referenced herein belong to their respective companies. Press Contacts Hayley  Yap CA Technologies phone: 65-6432-8625 Hayley.Yap@ca.com Share
Company Information About Us Events Customer Stories Innovation Careers Investors Google Twitter Facebook LinkedIn YouTube Contact Us Blog RSS Social
South East Asia - English legal Privacy Sitemap Copyright © 2014 CA. All rights reserved.
