CA Technologies     65-6336-6911 Connect Now! Try CA
Newsroom Press Releases Press Resources Technology Strategy Not Just an IT Responsibility for Organizations in Singapore, Global Study Reveals Share Companies See Technology as Enabler of Business; Lines of Business Driving Almost One Third of All IT Spend, and Rising SINGAPORE, 11 June 2014 – A new CA Technologies (NASDAQ: CA) study confirms what many in the industry have suspected: technology spend outside of the IT department by organizations in Singapore is growing rapidly. As software-driven business transformation becomes the norm, and businesses use new applications to engage their employees and customers, this trend is expected to continue and accelerate, in the years to come. According to the study, “TechInsights Report: The Changing Role of IT and What to Do About It,” the transformation of technology from a centrally managed IT responsibility to corporate-wide business enabler is transforming enterprises in Singapore and reshaping the way technology is purchased, deployed and used. The consequences for IT leaders are enormous as they must now become senior advisors who influence and guide, and not only manage, a corporation’s IT investments. Vanson Bourne conducted this survey of 1,300 senior IT decision-makers worldwide in six Asia Pacific and Japan (APJ) countries (Australia, China, India, Japan, Singapore and South Korea) and 15 other countries around the world on behalf of CA Technologies. Commenting on the study findings, Chua I-Pin, vice president, Asia South, CA Technologies said: “Software and technology are disrupting business models among Singaporean organizations, creating new businesses from the ground up and even transforming entire industries. Customers are demanding new applications and a different experience, and employees require new tools to succeed and be productive. As a result, we are seeing a seismic shift in the way technology is seen, purchased, used and deployed across enterprises in Singapore. IT departments must evolve from single-source providers to business consultants, brokers and advisors, or risk becoming marginalized in the software and technology-driven economy.” Almost one third (31 percent) of IT spend is now happening outside of the IT department in Singapore organizations. Although this figure is lower than several other countries in the region (in India, 55 percent of IT spend is happening outside IT; in China it is 49 percent), respondents expect this trend to continue. The study finds that lines of business are expected to be responsible for 45 percent of IT spending in Singapore within three years. The study also reveals that activities such as developing new, innovative products/services (17 percent) and driving new business initiatives (24 percent) are not top of mind with most IT departments in Singapore. Instead, traditional IT duties top the list—maintaining the infrastructure and applications (37 percent), ensuring the organization’s critical data is secure (36 percent) and providing technology support to employees (32 percent). Further, IT leaders in Singapore are not doing enough to leverage technology to measure the impact of IT on the business and to help the lines of business understand the value of IT—Only 28 percent of respondents frequently evaluate the impact of shifts in investments, and just 33 percent frequently share key performance metrics with the business. The influence of business lines on IT budget is slowly impacting the amount of IT budget organizations in Singapore allocate to maintenance activities. Respondents in the country continue to spend a disproportionate amount of their IT budget (54 percent) on maintenance, or “keeping the lights on” activities. However, this figure is expected to shift in favor of innovation—to 60 percent—in three years as buying power continues to increase outside of central IT departments. Among the other study findings: CIOs have made strategic progress since 2011: 93 percent say IT is “very strategically important” or “fundamental” to the business. The relationship of IT and LOBs is changing in Singapore: 36 percent say IT acts as a service broker to the LOBs rather than as an exclusive supplier. IT leaders need to better align with the business and educate management to leverage disruptive technologies like Cloud, Big Data and Mobility: 48 percent say IT needs to align closer with the business to understand key priorities, and 45 percent say IT must provide more training on these new technologies. Survey Methodology Vanson Bourne conducted the CA Technologies-sponsored study of 1,300 senior IT leaders in six Asia Pacific and Japan countries (Australia, China, India, Japan, Singapore and South Korea) and 15 other countries around the world in May through July 2013. The study’s respondents assume IT executive, management, project lead or enterprise architect positions at enterprises with revenues of $100 million or more. For more information on the research and to download the whitepaper, visit http://www.ca.com/techinsights/changing-role-of-it/. About CA Technologies CA Technologies (NASDAQ: CA) provides IT management solutions that help customers manage and secure complex IT environments to support agile business services. Organizations leverage CA Technologies software and SaaS solutions to accelerate innovation, transform infrastructure and secure data and identities, from the data center to the cloud. Learn more about CA Technologies at www.ca.com. Follow CA Technologies Twitter Social Media Page Press Releases Legal Notices Copyright © 2014 CA. All Rights Reserved. All other trademarks, trade names, service marks, and logos referenced herein belong to their respective companies. Press Contacts Hayley  Yap CA Technologies phone: 65-6432-8625 Hayley.Yap@ca.com Share
Company Information About Us Events Customer Stories Innovation Careers Investors Google Twitter Facebook LinkedIn YouTube Contact Us Blog RSS Social
South East Asia - English legal Privacy Sitemap Copyright © 2014 CA. All rights reserved.
