Redwood Shores, Calif. – November 11, 2014 News Summary Oracle Solaris Studio 12.4 enables developers to generate higher performing, reliable, and secure applications in record time. The latest release of Oracle’s #1 C, C++ and Fortran development environment for Oracle systems includes dramatically enhanced software analysis tools to help developers optimize application performance and quickly identify memory errors for improved application reliability. It also includes enhanced standards-based, high performance compilers with advanced optimization capabilities, resulting in the best application performance on Oracle’s newest SPARC and x86 systems. Oracle Solaris Studio is included in Oracle’s Software in Silicon Cloud and uses the Software in Silicon Application Data Integrity (ADI) feature to help developers find and fix memory errors with minimal overhead. Oracle Solaris Studio 12.4 is free to download from the Oracle Technology Network site. News Facts Oracle Solaris Studio provides a complete software development environment for building enterprise applications for deployment on Oracle Solaris, Oracle Linux, and other Linux–based systems. Oracle Solaris Studio 12.4 includes support for C++ 2011, a significant update to the C++ programming language standard. It also has enhanced support for popular Boost libraries and provides compatibility with GCC shared libraries, making it easy to deliver feature-rich, portable applications. The Oracle Solaris Studio Performance Analyzer has been completely redesigned, giving developers unprecedented insight into application performance. New features such as intuitive data organization, timeline visualization, code navigation, versatile data filtering, remote data analysis, and cross-architecture support, are available via a click of the mouse, significantly increasing developer efficiency. The Oracle Solaris Studio Code Analyzer protects applications from coding vulnerabilities, including memory leaks and memory access issues. It provides fast and accurate identification of common coding errors and includes patented technology that ranks untested functions, helping increase overall code coverage and ensure application reliability. Oracle Solaris Studio high performance compilers support code generation for the industry’s latest generation of processors, including Oracle’s SPARC M6 and T5 systems, Fujitsu M10 systems, and Intel® Haswell-based systems, and deliver up to 4.8x greater performance compared to open source alternatives on industry standard benchmarks. Oracle Solaris Studio 12.4 supports the OpenMP 4.0 parallel programming specification, the latest specification available from the OpenMP industry group. Most Oracle products for the Oracle Solaris platform are built using Oracle Solaris Studio, providing developers confidence they are using tools that have been thoroughly tested and optimized. Supporting Quotes “Oracle Solaris Studio engineers work closely with the Oracle Solaris and SPARC design teams to ensure the compilers generate the best possible code for Oracle servers,” said Don Kretsch, senior director, Software Development, Oracle. “The new analysis tools in Solaris Studio 12.4 offer features typically found in expensive third-party products and give developers the ability to create fast, reliable code.” “SAS delivers enterprise applications for high end business analytics and we require development and deployment platforms that are specifically optimized for business-critical applications,” said Bob Huemmer, software development manager, UNIX Platform Delivery, SAS. “The Oracle Solaris Studio development tools are world class; we use the Performance Analyzer on Oracle Solaris to tune and optimize our applications which also typically yields performance benefits across all of our platforms. We’ve seen impressive long term and consistent innovation for both Oracle Solaris Studio and Oracle Solaris. Rock solid, worry free binary compatibility translates to lower development and support costs, higher productivity and affords our Solaris customers the confidence to readily upgrade their systems to enable innovative functionality such as Kernel Zones.” “AsiaInfo, an industry leading supplier of software solutions and services for telecommunications, has been an Oracle partner for many years and our SMS Gateway solution is supported on Oracle SPARC T5 and Oracle Solaris 11,” said Mr. Fu Tingsheng, director of engineering, China Mobile Customer Data Business Division of AsiaInfo. “Oracle Solaris has proven to be a trusted platform for our applications, and the latest release of Oracle Solaris Studio delivers high-productivity features and tools that help improve our time to market. We used the Oracle Solaris Studio Code Analyzer for memory leak protection and it helped us be more proactive and improve our efficiency by 50 percent. Our developers were impressed with the ease of use and depth of data provided by the Oracle Solaris Studio analysis tool suite.” Capitek, one of the leading suppliers in wireless access software in China, has a long history of using Oracle Solaris and Oracle Solaris Studio for its Authentication, Authorization, Accounting (AAA) solution. “We are excited about the latest innovations in Oracle Solaris and Oracle Solaris Studio for developing, analyzing and running our mission-critical applications. The Oracle Solaris Studio compilers are highly optimized for the latest Oracle systems and advanced analysis tools, such as the Performance Analyzer, allow us to easily profile our technology solutions for optimal scalability. The combination of Oracle Solaris and Oracle Solaris Studio delivers a robust and reliable platform with high performance, high efficiency and high value,” said Jerry Chen, senior manager, Telecom Software Product Department at Capitek. Notes to editors Supporting Resources Oracle Solaris Studio Download: Oracle Solaris Studio 12.4 Oracle Solaris Oracle Linux Oracle Software in Silicon CloudConnect with Oracle Solaris Studio on Facebook, Twitter Contact information Name Harald Gessner Job Title Mr Division Oracle EMEA Hardware PR Phone +49 89 1430 1215 Fax Mobile +49 173 355 26 46 Email harald.gessner@oracle.com About Oracle Oracle engineers hardware and software to work together in the cloud and in your data center. For more information about Oracle (NYSE:ORCL), visit www.oracle.com. Trademarks Oracle and Java are registered trademarks of Oracle and/or its affiliates. Other names may be trademarks of their respective owners.
