Redwood Shores, Calif. October 30, 2014 News Summary Pilatus Bank, Ltd. – an exclusive private & commercial bank based in Malta with clients across the globe – has chosen Oracle’s FLEXCUBE core banking platform to underpin its private and corporate banking offerings. By using Oracle FLEXCUBE for its entire portfolio, Pilatus will be able to continue to bring its unique Relationship Manager + Information Technology model to market more efficiently. Pilatus’ focus on providing its clients with total control over the way that their banking services are delivered coupled with a personal, human touch required a technology platform that was able to support a range of banking capabilities from the same platform, as well as scale in line with Pilatus’ growth trajectory. Oracle will continue to partner with Pilatus Bank in order to develop and integrate the Bank’s innovative and unique IT model which will deliver banking services in a way never seen in the industry. Pilatus Bank CEO Robert Klingensmith said: “Partnering with Oracle in order to continue development of what we believe to be a disruptive technology in the banking sector, provides Pilatus with a high degree of confidence in the implemenation of our unique service delivery model.” News Facts Pilatus is an exclusive Private & Commercial Bank focused on providing EU-based banking services to ultra-high net worth clients and their corporations across the globe. With a large client base outside of Malta, Pilatus Bank needed a technology platform with strong internet and mobile banking capabilities. FLEXCUBE’s abilities to offer full coverage of mobile banking applications as well as a complete range of corporate and private banking functionality were essential factors influencing its selection. Pilatus Bank was impressed by the customization possibilities and product configuration tools which will allow them to develop their own internal expertise on the system. Facilization SHPK, a Gold Level member of Oracle PartnerNetwork continues to assist Pilatus Bank with the implementation. Supporting Quotes Sonny Singh, SVP and General Manager Financial Services Global Business Unit, Oracle said “With customers coming from a wide range of geographies outside of Europe, choosing a core banking platform that not only enables clients to manage their accounts across multiple platforms, but also provides the option of automating account procedures such as account opening, credit card requests and loan requests, will help Pilatus Bank to maintain a lean staff organization while delivering exceptional customer experience.” Notes to editors Supporting Resources Oracle Financial Services Oracle FLEXCUBE Oracle FLEXCUBE Direct Banking Oracle FLEXCUBE Mobile Banking Oracle FLEXCUBE Universal Banking Follow Oracle Financial Services on Twitter Join the Oracle Financial Services Community on Facebook Follow the Oracle Financial Services Blog Subscribe to the Oracle Financial Services YouTube channel About Pilatus Bank Pilatus Bank, Ltd. is an exclusive, global private & commercial bank based in Europe with clients throughout Europe, North America, the Middle-East and Asia. The Bank’s holistic client service model coupled with the unique RM+IT (Relationship Manager + Information Technology) approach creates a disruptive change to traditional banking. Pilatus is the essence of strength and trust in the eyes of the its clients and channel partners. About Oracle in Industries Oracle industry solutions leverage the company’s best-in-class portfolio of products to address complex business processes relevant to financial services, helping speed time to market, reduce costs, and gain a competitive edge. Contact information Name Oracle Financial Services Press Office Job Title Division Phone +44 (0) 844 875 1455 Fax Mobile Email OracleFinancial@cmgrp.com About Oracle Oracle engineers hardware and software to work together in the cloud and in your data center. For more information about Oracle (NYSE:ORCL), visit www.oracle.com. Trademarks Oracle and Java are registered trademarks of Oracle and/or its affiliates. Other names may be trademarks of their respective owners.
