Oracle Applications Oracle staged an important event in London, Oracle Modern Marketing Experience Europe, from 14 - 16 October. The company used it as the platform for some significant announcements: Oracle introduced new features and enhancements to the Oracle Marketing Cloud. Key updates help CMOs and global marketing teams execute marketing campaigns that have a measurable impact on revenue by delivering more personalized and contextual customer experiences, simplifying marketing campaign management and extending the industry’s most comprehensive marketing technology ecosystem. The company also announced a new data subscription model for Oracle Data as a Service (DaaS) for Marketing, a component of Oracle Data Cloud. The new subscription model is tailored to suit organizations that leverage audience data across multiple channels, and will help marketers control data costs, precisely target communications and deliver consistent messages to their audiences. Oracle partnered with Forrester Consulting to conduct a global study of of nearly 500 marketing decision makers in Europe and USA. entitled “Why You Need To Be A Modern Marketer: The Business Impact Of Marketing Maturity In The Age Of The Customer.” The study shows a strong correlation between modern marketing best practices and business success. Finally at the event, as part of the company's drive to promote best practices and celebrate the accomplishments of modern marketers in an ever-evolving industry, Oracle announced the winners of the 2014 Markie Awards. Now in its eighth year, the Markie Awards is an annual event that recognizes outstanding achievements in marketing across 12 categories. Another key Oracle Cloud SaaS product, Oracle Planning and Budgeting Cloud, showed strong market momentum as customers across a range of industries, including Shelf Drilling, Commune Hotels and Resorts, HMV Retail Ltd., Nutricia Advanced Medical Nutrition, Manhattan Beachwear, Communications Test Design, Inc., and Bournemouth Borough Council have adopted it to simply and cost effectively streamline planning and forecasting processes. Engineered Systems Advania hf, one of the largest IT service providers and consultancy firms in Iceland, has modernized its IT infrastructure to accelerate performance and scalability while cutting operational costs and simplifying management. By consolidating its Oracle E-Business Suite implementation on Oracle SuperCluster, Advania can now quickly build vital complex financial reports that support business decisions, while reducing its data center footprint and lowering total cost of ownership. Advania selected Oracle SuperCluster over solutions from HP and IBM, ultimately recognizing that running Oracle software on Oracle SuperCluster provided better performance and both architectural and business continuity for its customers, while helping minimize risk. Oracle Database, Middleware and Technology Mobility, Internet of THings and Big Data are the three topics for news in Oracle's core technology arena this month: New research from Oracle has revealed that younger business workers are far more likely to find a way to access work data and applications on their mobile device – with or without their employers’ consent – yet they are also the most likely to lose their mobile device or, worse, have it stolen. With this new generation of mobile users working their way into businesses around the world, Oracle highlights the need for organizations to secure their business from the device right through to the data center. Securitas Direct, a leading supplier of safety and security solutions in Spain, Europe, and Latin America, has chosen Oracle hardware and software as the backbone for its main connections and processing signals center. With the Oracle Internet of Things (IoT) solution, Securitas Direct will be able to strengthen the quality of service, speed time to market for new products and services, and deliver an improved experience for its business and residential customers. The Oracle solution will allow Securitas Direct to manage as many as 100 million signals per day from different security devices. With Oracle, Securitas Direct migrated its legacy system to a scalable, integrated platform that can handle massive amounts of device data transforming it to immediate business value while providing centralized monitoring services from a hub in Spain to countries including Brazil, Chile, France, Italy, Peru, and Portugal. Oracle has expanded its Oracle Data Integration portfolio with the addition of Oracle Enterprise Metadata Management 12c, a comprehensive platform that helps reduce compliance risks and ensure the success of governance programs within organizations by providing much-needed business and data transparency. A key component of Oracle’s big data governance solution, Oracle Enterprise Metadata Management 12c together with Oracle Enterprise Data Quality, Oracle Big Data SQL, and Oracle Database securitysolutions enables organizations to manage and control all aspects of data stewardship, lifecycle management, data protection, auditing, security, and compliance. Industries Pilatus Bank, Ltd. – an exclusive private & commercial bank based in Malta with clients across the globe – has chosen Oracle’s FLEXCUBE core banking platform to underpin its private and corporate banking offerings. By using Oracle FLEXCUBE for its entire portfolio, Pilatus will be able to continue to bring its unique Relationship Manager + Information Technology model to market more efficiently. Oracle will continue to partner with Pilatus Bank in order to develop and integrate the Bank’s innovative and unique IT model which will deliver banking services in a way never seen in the industry. Partners The Oracle Cloud Marketplace, a one-stop shop for Oracle customers seeking trusted business applications from Oracle partners that leverage the Oracle Cloud platform, has extended its offerings to include consulting and implementation services from more than 100 system integrators (SIs), including Capgemini, Deloitte, and Infosys. Customers can now easily locate and evaluate SI services that can help them maximize the business benefits of Oracle Cloud software-as-a-service (SaaS) and platform-as-a-service (PaaS) solutions, and SIs gain a centralized marketplace for promoting their services to Oracle’s global customer base. Notes to editors Contact information Name Oracle EMEA Press Office Job Title Division CMG Team Phone +44 (0)844 875 1455 Fax Mobile Email OracleEMEA@cmgrp.com About Oracle Oracle engineers hardware and software to work together in the cloud and in your data center. For more information about Oracle (NYSE:ORCL), visit www.oracle.com. Trademarks Oracle and Java are registered trademarks of Oracle and/or its affiliates. Other names may be trademarks of their respective owners.
