​Redwood Shores, Calif. – October 28, 2014 News Summary NTT DOCOMO has implemented Oracle Communications Diameter Signaling Router to accelerate the launch of new LTE roaming services. With this single, scalable system, NTT DOCOMO can support its rapidly growing volume of LTE roaming subscribers. News Facts Oracle today announced that NTT DOCOMO, the leading wireless communications service provider (CSP) in Japan with more than 63 million subscribers, has implemented Oracle Communications Diameter Signaling Router to support roaming for its mobile customers. Oracle Communications Diameter Signaling Router enables NTT DOCOMO to accelerate the launch of new, advanced mobile services that leverage an LTE infrastructure. The CSP can now support roaming on LTE bands to ensure subscribers have access to the same advanced capabilities while traveling abroad. With the Oracle Communications Diameter Signaling Router, NTT DOCOMO completed the entire project—from purchase order to live customer traffic—in just six months. Oracle Communications Diameter Signaling Router was implemented as a virtualized solution providing high reliability and advanced functionality with a small physical footprint well suited to support LTE roaming. With Oracle Communications Diameter Signaling Router, NTT DOCOMO can: NS Solutions Corporation, a Platinum level member of Oracle PartnerNetwork, assisted NTT DOCOMO with the implementation of Oracle Communications Diameter Signaling Router, ensuring an on-time deployment in Japan. “The rapid growth of LTE in Japan and roaming markets demands that we support LTE roaming to provide our customers with a consistently high-quality mobile experience no matter where they are. Oracle Communications Diameter Signaling Router has given us the high reliability and advanced functionality we need to support our LTE roaming services since December 2013,” said Hiroshi Nakamura, Ph.D., senior vice president, managing director, Core Network Development Department, NTT DOCOMO. “As subscriber demands for LTE services and technologies expand internationally, CSPs must manage their networks and subscriber experiences to support data-hungry devices and applications. We are pleased to help NTT DOCOMO meet growing LTE demands and extend the benefit of LTE services well beyond Japan,” said Bhaskar Gorti, senior vice president and general manager, Oracle Communications. Provide LTE roaming services outside of Japan Centralize routing, traffic management, and load-balancing tasks to enable the LTE network to grow incrementally to support increasing service and traffic demands Supporting Quotes Supporting Resources Oracle Communications Oracle Communications Diameter Signaling Router Oracle Communications on YouTube Oracle Communications on Diigo Oracle Communications on Facebook Oracle Communications on Twitter Oracle Communications on LinkedIn About NTT DOCOMO NTT DOCOMO provides innovative, convenient, and secure mobile services that enable smarter living for each customer. Notes to editors Contact information Name Oracle Communications Press Office Job Title Division Phone +44 (0)844 875 1455 Fax Mobile Email OracleCommunications@cmgrp.com About Oracle Oracle engineers hardware and software to work together in the cloud and in your data center. For more information about Oracle (NYSE:ORCL), visit www.oracle.com. Trademarks Oracle and Java are registered trademarks of Oracle and/or its affiliates. Other names may be trademarks of their respective owners.
