REDMOND, Wash. — Nov. 10, 2014 — Microsoft Corp. announced on Monday the Microsoft Lumia 535 and Lumia 535 Dual SIM smartphones running the latest Windows Phone 8.1 operating system, bringing the latest Microsoft experiences to more affordable price levels. Offering five great included Microsoft experiences, a wide-angle 5 megapixel front-facing camera, and a spacious 5-inch display — all for an affordable price — Lumia 535 and Lumia 535 Dual SIM help people do more of what they want, for less: Make memorable Skype video calls, and seamlessly switch between voice and video with built-in Skype integration. Access, edit and share Word, Excel and PowerPoint documents and OneNote notebooks wherever you are, with the pre-installed Office suite. Save and sync photos, videos and Office documents securely with 15 GB of free OneDrive cloud storage. Experience Cortana, a truly personal virtual assistant that anticipates people’s needs and makes tailored suggestions. Connect with work and personal e-mail while on the go, with Microsoft Outlook built in. Showcase photos and videos, or get even more productive with Office on the large, 5-inch qHD display. Fit more memorable backgrounds or add more friends into Skype video calls and selfies with the 5MP wide-angle front-facing camera. Never miss a call or text, and be reachable on both SIM cards at any time with Smart Dual SIM for maximum flexibility. “Lumia 535 comes with our ‘5x5x5’ proposition,” said Jo Harlow, corporate vice president for Phones at Microsoft. “Innovation should be available to everyone, and we are doing this through the very best integrated Microsoft services included and out of the box, a 5MP wide-angle front-facing camera, and a spacious 5-inch qHD screen — all at an affordable price.” Lumia 535 and Lumia 535 Dual SIM will begin rolling out to key markets in November and will be available in bright green, bright orange, white, dark grey, cyan and black. Pricing for Lumia 535 and Lumia 535 Dual SIM will vary by market and operator, but the estimated retail price will be around 110 euros before taxes and subsidies. About Microsoft Devices The Microsoft Devices Group includes award-winning hardware used by over a billion people around the world, including Lumia smartphones and tablets, Nokia mobile phones, Xbox hardware, Surface, Perceptive Pixel products, and accessories. About Microsoft Founded in 1975, Microsoft (Nasdaq “MSFT”) is the worldwide leader in software, services, devices and solutions that help people and businesses realize their full potential. Note to editors: For more information, news and perspectives from Microsoft, please visit the Microsoft News Center at http://www.microsoft.com/news. Web links, telephone numbers and titles were correct at time of publication, but may have changed. For additional assistance, journalists and analysts may contact Microsoft’s Rapid Response Team or other appropriate contacts listed at http://www.microsoft.com/news/contactpr.mspx. Back to top
