Lisa Brummel REDMOND, Wash. — Nov. 10, 2014 — Microsoft Corp. today announced that Lisa Brummel, Executive Vice President of Human Resources, will retire from the company after 25 years, and Kathleen Hogan will succeed her as Executive Vice President of Human Resources. Hogan will join the company’s senior leadership team beginning November 28, reporting to Microsoft Chief Executive Officer Satya Nadella. Brummel will assist in the leadership transition and remain with the company through December 31. “Kathleen is an accomplished, well-respected and well-rounded leader who obsesses over our customers and is motivated by people’s passion for how technology can change the world,” Nadella said. “She is the right person to continue pushing our cultural transformation forward, and she will ensure Microsoft remains the best, most inclusive place to work.” Kathleen Hogan Hogan has worked in a variety of roles at Microsoft over the past 11 years, most recently leading Microsoft Services, the largest single Microsoft organization with more than 21,000 employees worldwide. She has held a variety of roles, from technical to sales and marketing, from being a developer at Oracle to a partner at McKinsey. She earned her bachelor’s degree in applied mathematics and economics, magna cum laude, from Harvard University, and an MBA from the Stanford University Graduate School of Business. She sits on the Board of Directors of the Puget Sound Affiliate of Susan G. Komen for the Cure and the Technology Services Industry Association. Brummel has led Human Resources at the company since May 2005, joining Microsoft straight from university in 1989, and has held a number of management and marketing positions across Microsoft’s consumer, hardware and productivity businesses. She is co-owner of the WNBA franchise Seattle Storm and is active in charitable ventures associated with Hopelink community services, the University of Washington Medical Center, Yale University and the Women’s Funding Alliance. Lisa Brummel Biography Kathleen Hogan Biography Founded in 1975, Microsoft (Nasdaq “MSFT”) is the worldwide leader in software, services, devices and solutions that help people and businesses realize their full potential. Note to editors: For more information, news and perspectives from Microsoft, please visit the Microsoft News Center at http://news.microsoft.com. Web links, telephone numbers and titles were correct at time of publication, but may have changed. For additional assistance, journalists and analysts may contact Microsoft’s Rapid Response Team or other appropriate contacts listed at http://news.microsoft.com/microsoft-public-relations-contacts/. Back to top
