Blackpool Victoria Hospital increases patient throughput with help from five Ysios Blackpool Victoria Hospital has been able to increase patient throughput with the help of five Ysio® X-ray systems from Siemens Healthcare. Two of the systems have been installed in the hospitals A&E department, with a further two installed in the Outpatient Department. These are performing orthopaedic procedures such as spine and leg alignment work. A fifth Ysio system is also in place in the Cardiac Department. Frimley, UK, 2014-Nov-10 Patient throughput in Blackpool Victoria Hospital’s Accident and Emergency department has increased with the installation of five Ysio® X-ray systems from Siemens Healthcare. “Before choosing which systems to select, the Trust undertook an evaluation of many other products as well as visiting other hospitals to gain the feedback of peers using the systems. The overwhelming conclusion was that the Ysio from Siemens Healthcare would be the best fit for our hospital,” states Lesley Stanney, Radiology Clinical Manager at Blackpool Victoria Hospital, part of the Blackpool Teaching Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust. “The orthopaedic package is so much easier for radiographers to use. The high-resolution image quality is superb and we’ve been able increase throughput, which has led to an increase in capacity.” Lesley Stanney continues, “The increase in throughput has also enabled us to decommission one of our other existing radiology rooms at Blackpool Victoria. This has meant that we now also have the freedom to expand our services further in the near future when needed.” As the radiology department undertakes approximately 136,000 examinations per year, it was essential that the installed systems were straightforward for staff to use. The Ysio X-ray systems image more than 200 patients per day in A&E, and its ease-of-use and smart ergonomic table design has meant less aches and pains for radiographers using the systems. The safety and welfare of patients has also been a key priority for Blackpool Victoria Hospital in its search for X-ray technology. “We’re thrilled with the positive feedback we have received from the hospital staff, who have commented on the Ysios’ ease-of-use, which is essential in A&E departments,” states Philip Tesh, Regional Sales Manager at Siemens Healthcare. “The high-resolution image quality has been of real benefit to clinicians, and we are proud to have helped Blackpool Victoria Hospital future-proof its services with the installation of five Ysio X-ray systems.” Siemens Healthcare is one of the world's largest suppliers to the healthcare industry and a trendsetter in medical imaging, laboratory diagnostics, medical information technology and hearing aids. Siemens offers its customers products and solutions for the entire range of patient care from a single source – from prevention and early detection to diagnosis, and on to treatment and aftercare. By optimising clinical workflows for the most common diseases, Siemens also makes healthcare faster, better and more cost-effective. Siemens Healthcare employs some 52,000 employees worldwide and operates around the world www.siemens.co.uk/healthcare. Media contacts Laura Bennett Tel: 07808 823598 Email: laura.bennett@siemens.com   Holly Wale / Sean House Tel: 01225 471202 Email: seanh@mediasafari.co.uk   For further information, please see: www.siemens.co.uk/press Follow us on Twitter at: www.twitter.com/siemensuknews About Siemens Siemens AG (Berlin and Munich) is a global technology powerhouse that has stood for engineering excellence, innovation, quality, reliability and internationality for more than 165 years. The company is active in more than 200 countries, focusing on the areas of electrification, automation and digitalisation. One of the world’s largest producers of energy-efficient, resource-saving technologies, Siemens is No. 1 in offshore wind turbine construction, a leading supplier of combined cycle turbines for power generation, a leading provider of power transmission solutions and a pioneer in infrastructure solutions and automation and software solutions for industry. The company is also a leading supplier of medical imaging equipment – such as computed tomography and magnetic resonance imaging systems – and a leader in laboratory diagnostics as well as clinical IT. In fiscal 2013, which ended on September 30, 2013, revenue from continuing operations totalled €75.9 billion and income from continuing operations €4.2 billion. At the end of September 2013, Siemens had around 362,000 employees worldwide on the basis of continuing operations. Further information is available on the Internet at www.siemens.co.uk.
