Siemens extends sponsorship of Greenpower Education Trust Siemens, has extended its partnership with Greenpower Education Trust for another five years, until at least 2020. Frimley, UK, 2014-Oct-08 Support to 2020 will help Greenpower’s growing international reach Greenpower’s first ever International Final at Goodwood on Sunday, Oct 12 Siemens extends sponsorship of Greenpower Education Trust The move will help ensure that Greenpower’s work with schools, colleges and universities to engage more young people in engineering from an early age continues not just in the UK, but internationally.   Siemens has been supporting Greenpower with sponsorship and volunteers since 2009 as part of its education programme to inspire and encourage more students to consider engineering as a career. Since then, Greenpower has seen its number of participants grow to 500 schools in the UK, while its number of international participants has increased, with teams from America, South Africa and Europe.   This Sunday (Oct 12), Greenpower will run its first ever International Final, at Goodwood Motor Circuit, which will host more than 100 competing teams from across the UK, the USA, South Africa, Poland, Portugal and Ireland.   Greenpower CEO, Jeremy Way, said: “Siemens is one of our oldest, biggest and most important partners. They truly understand what we are trying to do at Greenpower Education Trust at a base level – the UK is in dire need of an influx of new, young engineers and there is nothing in the current school curriculum that will deliver it. “We are trying to plug that gap, with the help of companies like Siemens, by providing students and young people with a project-based learning activity that gives them the hands-on, practical experience they will need, as well as the inspiration to choose a career in engineering that they might otherwise not have selected.”   The UK engineering industry needs 1.86 million new people with the requisite skills between 2010 and 2020, meaning that the number of engineering-related apprentices and graduates needs to double.* please attribute this fact at the end in the editors notes as I’m guessing this is from Engineering UK?   The Greenpower initiative is open to students of all ages, from primary school level to university undergraduates. The charity runs three race championships – Goblins (9-11 year olds), IET Formula 24 (11-16 year olds) and IET Formula 24+ (16-24 year olds) – in which students design and build all-electric race cars for the series.   The International Final will feature the finale of the IET Formula 24 and IET Formula 24+ seasons, as well as the Greenpower Corporate Challenge, which features teams from businesses including Jaguar Land Rover, Prodrive and Lockheed Martin.   As an extension to their existing support, Siemens is developing a Global Technology Partnership with Greenpower to provide the global expansion of the initiative, with recent progress in several new countries – a delegation of teachers from Belgium and China is expected to attend the International Final in order to see first-hand how they might set up the Greenpower Challenge in their own countries.   Meanwhile, students from the Mandela School of Science & Technology from Mvezo, South Africa, which is also supported by Siemens, will be competing; it will be the first time that any of the students have travelled outside of South Africa.   Siemens support of Greenpower in the UK is part of the Company’s investment to bring science, technology, engineering and mathematics (STEM) to life for students around the world. Its recently-launched Curiosity Project is a three-year engagement programme which includes a presence at five major science and related festivals across the UK.   Siemens was established in the United Kingdom more than 170 years ago and now employs 13,760 people in the UK. As the world’s largest engineering company, Siemens provides innovative solutions to help tackle the world’s major challenges. Siemens has offices and factories throughout the UK, with its headquarters in Frimley, Surrey.   This press release and a press picture is available at www.siemens.co.uk/press Media contacts Laura Bennett Tel: 07808 823598 Email: laura.bennett@siemens.com   For further information, please see: www.siemens.co.uk/press Follow us on Twitter at: www.twitter.com/siemensuknew:   About Siemens Siemens AG (Berlin and Munich) is a global technology powerhouse that has stood for engineering excellence, innovation, quality, reliability and internationality for more than 165 years. The company is active in more than 200 countries, focusing on the areas of electrification, automation and digitalisation. One of the world’s largest producers of energy-efficient, resource-saving technologies, Siemens is No. 1 in offshore wind turbine construction, a leading supplier of combined cycle turbines for power generation, a leading provider of power transmission solutions and a pioneer in infrastructure solutions and automation and software solutions for industry. The company is also a leading supplier of medical imaging equipment – such as computed tomography and magnetic resonance imaging systems – and a leader in laboratory diagnostics as well as clinical IT. In fiscal 2013, which ended on September 30, 2013, revenue from continuing operations totalled €75.9 billion and income from continuing operations €4.2 billion. At the end of September 2013, Siemens had around 362,000 employees worldwide on the basis of continuing operations. Further information is available on the Internet at www.siemens.co.uk.
