Siemens and OCR launch UK engineering skills partnership Siemens and leading qualifications body OCR are today launching a groundbreaking new partnership designed to tackle the skills gap in engineering and manufacturing. Frimley, UK, 2014-Oct-23 Siemens sponsors the Big Bang Fair, inspiring children to become the next generation of engineers The partnership which is the first of its kind in the UK will focus on the development of joint education resources for 14 -16 year olds. Siemens and OCR will together deliver a curriculum in schools designed to increase the skills of prospective engineers. The curriculum will be taught by teachers across the UK to deliver a range of units from the Cambridge National in Engineering Level 1/2 qualification. The modules taught in classrooms will provide teachers with a structured plan to teach students how a range of topics work together across the syllabus This will give  14-16 learners an understanding of how skills and knowledge could link together in a working environment. The skills developed will provide foundation knowledge for students’ final assessment. Starting from this autumn, the new programme designed to inspire the next generation of engineers will be available to every school in the country. The approach to engaging with students will be centred on applying knowledge in area such as science, technology engineering and mathematics to ‘real life’ projects. Modules in the joint programme an Energy Recovery project exploring the technologies being used to improve the efficiency and lower the running costs of a range of vehicles including trains, buses and formula 1 cars. Further modules include a SMART Homes project exploring the design challenges of creating a low carbon home - providing a strong link with an environment important to all students. In a manufacturing module students are asked to produce a model of a flywheel from specification and to then develop a manufacturing plan to mass produce it across the UK.  The Powering the Future project explores the engineering principles of UK power networks and looks at how the businesses involved keep the country moving. The project inspires learners to use IT to learn about physics, electronics, mathematics, business structure, systems design, branding, media skills and financial strategy in the context of an essential resource. The new education scheme for engineers has been developed by Siemens and OCR in conjunction with the Cabinet Office, Department of Education and the Department for Business, Innovation and Skills. Lord Baker, Chairman of the Baker Dearing Educational Trust said “I warmly welcome the Siemens/OCR employer skills partnership for 14 -16 year olds. All children should have the opportunity to learn by doing as well as studying. This will lead to a growing demand for education from 14 onwards. This is what our education system and our economy needs.” Siemens is currently training 400 apprentices in the UK and recruits approximately 100 graduate trainees here each year. In 2013 Siemens launched the UK’s first engineering education and careers portal for schools which allows teachers, students and parents to access a central hub of information to be used in the classroom explicitly designed to encourage young people to engage with engineering and manufacturing related subjects.  The portal has been rolled out to 5,000 secondary schools across the UK this year, and aims to reach all schools including primaries by 2016. Toby Peyton-Jones, HR Director, Siemens plc commented “The Institute of Engineering Technology recently found that 76 per cent of employers reported problems with recruiting senior engineers with five to 10 years’ experience, up from 48 per cent in 2011.”  “So we need to tackle the skills problem urgently, by creating new and innovative partnerships which is what we have sought to achieve with OCR. As a sector we must pull every lever to get the skills and talent pipeline moving again. It is vital for the future of young people, but also we know that a highly skilled economy also attracts inward investment, which is critical for sustainable growth.” Mark Dawe, Chief Executive of OCR, added “Siemens and OCR together know how to promote and enthuse science and engineering in schools. We will use real life applications to explain the science and technology behind projects such as wind turbines, scanner and trains. We also look forward to engaging employers to use their expert knowledge to deliver education material directly to students”. The partnership will be launched on the 23rd of October at the Siemens Crystal building, East London in conjunction with OCR and leading education stakeholders alongside the UK Cabinet Office.  Last month Siemens launched ‘The Curiosity Project’ - a three-year engagement programme designed to broaden existing investment to bring science, technology, engineering and mathematics (STEM) to life in the UK. For the next three years as part of the Curiosity Project, Siemens will support five major science and related festivals throughout the UK, each with a clear ambition to reach out to parents, teachers and students to make the world of science available in a fun and engaging way. -Ends-   Media contacts   Paul Addison Phone: +44 7808 823 011   E-mail: paul.addison@siemens.com For further information, please see: www.siemens.co.uk/press Follow us on Twitter at: www.twitter.com/siemensuknews   About Siemens Siemens is a global technology powerhouse that stands for engineering excellence, innovation, quality, reliability and internationality. The company is active in more than 200 countries, focusing on the areas of electrification, automation and digitalisation. One of the world’s largest producers of energy-efficient, resource-saving technologies, Siemens is No. 1 in offshore wind turbine construction, a leading supplier of combined cycle turbines for power generation, a leading provider of power transmission solutions and a pioneer in infrastructure solutions and automation and software solutions for industry. The company is also a leading supplier of medical imaging equipment – such as computed tomography and magnetic resonance imaging systems – and a leader in laboratory diagnostics as well as clinical IT. In fiscal 2013, which ended on September 30, 2013, revenue from continuing operations totalled €75.9 billion and income from continuing operations €4.2 billion. Siemens has around 362,000 employees worldwide on the basis of continuing operations. Further information is available on the Internet at www.siemens.co.uk.   About OCR OCR (Oxford Cambridge and RSA) is a leading UK awarding body, providing a wide range of qualifications to meet the needs of learners of all ages and abilities. OCR qualifications include AS/A Levels, GCSEs, Cambridge Nationals, Cambridge Technicals, Entry Level qualifications, and vocational qualifications in areas such as IT, business, languages, teaching/training, and administration skills. Each year more than three million students gain OCR qualifications, which are offered by 13,000 centres including schools, sixth form colleges, FE colleges, training providers, voluntary organisations, local authorities, and businesses ranging from SMEs to multi-national organisations. OCR is part of the Cambridge Assessment Group. www.ocr.org.uk  
