Siemens wins UK’s largest deployment of SafeZone Transport for London (TfL) has awarded Siemens a contract to replace existing speed cameras on selected routes in the Capital with new digital average speed enforcement systems. The contract, part of TfL’s London Safety Camera Replacement Project, includes the deployment of more than 100 Automatic Number Plate Recognition (ANPR) cameras over the next 24 months, covering four main routes across London and represents the largest roll-out of Siemens SafeZone average speed enforcement solution in an urban area anywhere in the UK. Ongoing service and maintenance will also be provided by Siemens. Poole, UK, 2014-Sep-30 Siemens safezone anpr camera A key priority for TfL is to reduce the number of people killed or seriously injured on London's roads, with a target of a 40 per cent reduction by 2020. According to TfL, the existing wet film technology will soon be obsolete and the replacement programme is expected to ensure that the casualty reduction benefits that have been achieved to date in London will continue. In total, the full replacement programme covers more than 600 existing wet film camera sites on London’s roads including speed and red light cameras. Ben Plowden, Director of Strategy and Planning at TfL, said: 'Ensuring that all road users are acting responsibly is vitally important to ensure that the capital's roads are kept safe for all. We are committed to delivering a 40 per cent reduction in the number of people killed or seriously injured on the capital's roads by 2020. We've worked closely with the London boroughs and police on implementing this important upgrade and, by ensuring that our safety cameras have the latest digital technology, we can help further reduce the number of unnecessary speed-related collisions that occur each year.' Tom MacMorran, Director of Sales and Marketing at Siemens, Traffic Solutions, said: ‘This is a major breakthrough for SafeZone in the UK and the use of average speed enforcement in an urban environment. Siemens SafeZone solution is Home Office type approved and optimized for urban speed enforcement, 24 hours a day and in all weather conditions. Its ease of deployment also makes it a particularly cost effective solution for TfL.’ As required by TfL, SafeZone is capable of successfully identifying the Vehicle Registration Mark (VRM) and make, model and colour of vehicles in all light conditions from all lanes on a carriageway and calculating average speed over a measured distance within the speed enforcement zone. TfL is responsible for 360 miles (580km) of main roads, and all of London’s 6,000 traffic lights. In addition, it manages the London Congestion Charging scheme, the Low Emissions Zone and promotes a range of walking, cycling and environmental initiatives across the Capital. The order for SafeZone follows the recent award of two new maintenance contracts to Siemens to service more than one third of all TfL traffic control sites across the Capital, deliver planned new schemes for the replacement and upgrade of a number of signalised junctions in North and North east London and continue with the ongoing upgrade of London’s traffic signals to the latest, energy-saving technology. Contact for journalists: Head of Communications, Peter Preston Phone: 01202 782390 E-mail: peter.preston@siemens.com PR Account Manager, Julian Gollogly Phone: 07770 924441 E-mail: julian.gollogly@ntlworld.com For further information and press pictures please see: www.siemens.co.uk/traffic Siemens in the UK Siemens was established in the United Kingdom 170 years ago and now employs 13,760 people in the UK. Last year’s revenues were £3.36 billion*. As the world’s largest engineering company, Siemens provides innovative solutions to help tackle the world’s major challenges across the key sectors of energy, industry, infrastructure & cities and healthcare. Siemens has offices and factories throughout the UK, with its headquarters in Frimley, Surrey. The company’s global headquarters is in Munich, Germany. For more information, visit: www.siemens.co.uk * Data includes intercompany revenue. Data may not be comparable with revenue reported in annual or interim reports Siemens Mobility and Logistics Division The Siemens Mobility and Logistics Division (Munich, Germany) provides solutions to customers whose business models are based on optimising passenger and freight transport. The Division bundles all Siemens business related to management of international traffic, transport, and logistics. This includes railway automation, infrastructure logistics, intelligent traffic and transport systems, and technologies for developing the infrastructure for electric mobility. For more information, visit www.siemens.com/mobility-logistics and siemens.co.uk/traffic www.twitter.com/Siemens_Traffic
