HP Becomes First Major Cloud Service Provider in the UK to Receive Prestigious Cloud Certification Award and Pan-Government Accreditation LONDON, U.K., March 19, 2014 –HP Enterprise Services todayannounced that it has been granted the UK’s Pan-Government Accreditation (PGA) at ImpactLevel 3 (IL3) for their secure government cloud hosting service ECS-G VPC (Enterprise Cloud Service –Government Virtual Private Cloud) and desktop service WP360G (WorkPlace360G). HP’s IL3 accreditation covers all of the data centre, security andservice management operations required to deliver cloud services.This extensive accreditation scope will significantly reduce thecost and effort required by government customers using ECS-Gservices to evidence the security compliance needed to achieveoverall system accreditation. This follows the recent award of CSASTAR (Cloud Security Alliance Security Trust and AssuranceRegistry) silver certification for ECS-G from the BSI (BritishStandards Institute)– making HP the first major Cloud ServiceProvider in the UK to receive this award and one of the first todeliver IL3 (Restricted) level security within the Government Cloudframework. Combined with HP’s experience as the largest IT provider to the UKpublic sector, HP Enterprise Services gives governmentorganisations a powerful platform for the transition to securecloud services and has the potential to help the Government meetthe flexibility and cost objective set out in its ICT Strategy. “Our public sector clientsin the UK are looking to find ways to lower their operating costs,realise their digital strategies and deliver improved services tocitizens,” said Stuart Bladen, regional vice president, UKPublic Sector. “Both theIL3 and CSA STAR accreditations reflect the commitment andinvestment that HP has made in the UK to create a cloud servicesdelivery facility that meets the needs of both Central and LocalGovernment” ECS-G VPC is delivered from HP-owned, UK datacentres that are global benchmarks for energy efficiency, andbrings high volume multi-tenant cloud capacity to the UK governmentmarket. All central and local government organisations can now consumesecure cloud services with an assurance of supply that is necessaryfor an element of Critical National Infrastructure and that waspreviously only available to larger departments. Equally, allgovernment customers will benefit from the economies of scale thatthe new facility generates. The facility also supports the government agenda for Small-MediumEnterprises (SMEs) by providing a low cost entry point into thesecure IT services market for SMEs. Over 700 SMEs are supported inHP’s UK supply chain with access to mentoring and support, to helpachieve HP’s objective to help SMEs grow their businesses into newmarkets. These newly accredited services and a full range of other cloudservices at security levels suitable for both central and localgovernment are available through the G-Cloud catalogue for which HPhas been a supplier since the original G-Cloud 1.
