HP Indigo 20000 Digital Press Enables Ulimate Packaging to Connect Brands and Retailers with Customers in New Ways HP helps leading producer of printed flexible packaging for the food industry add value for global brands and expand into new markets GRIMSBY, UK, Oct 9, 2014 — HP today announced that Ultimate Packaging, a leader in the production of printed flexible packaging for the food industry, is enabling brands and retailers to connect with consumers in new ways with the installation of an HP Indigo 20000 Digital Press. With 300 employees, an annual turnover approaching £50 million and an end-to-end capability for the design and production of high quality flexible packaging, Ultimate Packaging is an approved supplier to all of the UK's food retailers and many major brands. The company manufactures between 60-70 million metres of food packaging every month from its traditional flexo-print business as well as its expanding digital business. “Packaging is the only interruptive media left, and global brands are starting to recognise that digital print allows them to connect with their customers like never before,” says Chris Tonge, Sales and Marketing Director, Ultimate Packaging. “Going digital has allowed us to engage with global brands on personalisation and customisation projects on flexible packaging, opening up both existing and new markets, and giving us a unique position in the UK, Europe and beyond. The HP Indigo 20000 means we can talk to brand owners about strategic marketing campaigns rather than continually discussing price and production.” Ultimate Packaging installed an HP Indigo 6600 Digital Press about three years ago to prepare for the wider HP Indigo 20000. A 30-inch wide roll-to-roll printer, the HP Indigo 20000 Digital Press has transformed the company’s capability to digitally produce flexible packaging jobs on-demand with no make-ready and minimum waste. It enables the company to meet growing requirements for shorter run lengths, shorter lead time and higher print quality while incorporating customized, personalized variable data printing. The HP Indigo 20000 can handle substrates from 12-100 microns, which allows Ultimate Packaging to digitally print a full range of food-approved packaging, resulting in a portfolio of exciting new products. “As customers worldwide adopt the Indigo 20000 and other HP solutions, we continue to drive the analogue to digital conversion of labels and packaging printing,” says HP. “The volume of labels printed on HP Indigo digital presses is growing at a rate of 30 percent year over year in a market that averages just 5 percent yearly growth.”(1) More information is available at www.youtube.com/hpgraphicarts and www.facebook.com/HPdesigners or follow HP on www.twitter.com/hpgraphicarts. (1)Based on HP internal data. HP is experiencing strong market acceptance of the press since its commercial availability in May 2014, with 10 worldwide customer site installations already completed.
