HP and Shell Spark Energy Innovation at Eco-marathon Europe 2014 HP’s innovative technology helps thousands of students design, build and test ultra-energy-efficient vehicles Rotterdam, The Netherlands, May 12, 2014 – HP today announced thatit will be a technology partner for Shell Eco-marathon Europe 2014,a unique competition which brings together more than 3,000 studentsfrom across Europe to design, build and test ultra-energy-efficientvehicles and rewards the teams that go the furthest using the leastamount of energy. HP will provide HP ElitePads, HP ProLiant servers, HP PCs andprinters, HP big data analytics software and HP cloud services toadd value to the event, which takes place from 15-18 May on thestreet circuit at Ahoy in Rotterdam. “Shell Eco-marathon ispleased to announce the first roster of Global Partnerships in thehistory of the competition,” says Simon Saville, VicePresident, Shell Eco-marathon. “Working alongside some of theworld’s leading innovation, R&D and technology organizations,we continue to evolve the Shell Eco-marathon program in 2014. Byproviding innovation, technology, sustainability and mobility, HPwill help tackle future energy challenges.” As this year’s technology partner, HP is providing the followingproducts and services: An HP infrastructure powered by HP ProLiant servers will enable300 on-site staff to register 229 teams and put them through a10-step technical assessment, as well as register 50,000 visitorsand ensure that everyone is security cleared. Using HP ElitePad 900s, mechanics in the garage will be able toshare data with marshals out on the track, and technicians canaccess and upload data in real-time from anywhere on the site. Heldsecurely in the HP public cloud, all this information will be easyto access yet secure. HP Autonomy and HP Vertica software will be used to manage andanalyse data from sensors on each car, and also monitor socialmedia sentiment throughout the event, all in real time. HP will provide PCs and printers for use by the students and inthe Media Center. Teams will be able to print team photographs onHP large format printers. HP will support the Shell Energy Lab, an interactive sciencelab packed with attractions around innovation in sustainability,including a recycling game to promote best practices forresponsible IT waste management and environmental footprintreduction. “The Shell Eco-marathonreally is a showcase for students to create and collaborate onfuture technologies,” says Wim Heuninck, Account GeneralManager, HP. “HP’sparticipation will help spark debate about the future of mobilityand inspire young engineers to push the boundaries of fuelefficiency. Key to our efforts are the solutions we can build withour HAVEn big data platform that includes innovative technologieslike HP Vertica, HP Autonomy and HP Aurasma.” HP’s premier Americas client event, HPDiscover, takes place June 10-12 in Las Vegas. About ShellEco-marathon Shell Eco-marathon is one of the world’s mostchallenging student innovation competitions and takes placeannually in Europe, America and Asia. The competition bringstogether current and future leaders, along with a broader publicpassionate about energy issues. It encourages debate aroundsustainable solutions to the challenge of rising global energydemand. At Shell Eco-marathon Europe a future generation of engineers andscientists aged 16-25 from around 27 countries compete in cars theydesign and build. Success is measured on who can drive the furtheston the equivalent of 1 kWh or 1 litre of fuel, thanks to theircreative designs and technical know-how. Shell Eco-marathon Europe aims to involve European citizens inchallenges related to energy and mobility, while inspiring them toconsider innovative solutions. With Rotterdam as the host city,Shell brings the competition closer to the public with afit-for-purpose street circuit. Shell Eco-marathon Europe is avisible demonstration of Shell’s concern with helping the world tomeet its growing energy needs in a responsible way and demonstratesits collaborative approach, bringing together students, partnersand the public. The 30th edition of Shell Eco-marathon Europe takes place from May15-18 2014 for the third time in a row in Rotterdam, theNetherlands. Various activities around the challenge are offered atthe venue to engage and inspire European citizens who areinterested in the future of our energy and the technologies to meetour future needs.
