HP Works with Swansea University to Build Sustainable Cities Three-year program will utilise HP technology to explore the development of secure, situation-aware, intelligent campuses SWANSEA, UK, 29th May, 2014 – HP today announced a three-yearcollaboration program with Swansea University to explore thedevelopment of sustainable next-generation cities, communities andcampuses using HP technology. Taking advantage of sensor data management technology built at HPLabs and HP’s Smart Grid Solutions for transforming utilityinfrastructure, the project will leverage technology such as smartmetering, intelligent cities, situational awareness, data analyticsand security threat detection. Swansea University is a world-class research-led universityoffering around 350 undergraduate courses and 100 post-graduatecourses to 14,500 students. By September 2015, the University willhave a new 65 acre Bay Campus to complement its upgraded SingletonPark Campus. “Working with globalenterprises like HP as well as academia and local small and mediumbusinesses is a fundamental part of ensuring a sustainablecommunity,” says Professor Javier Bonet, head of SwanseaUniversity’s College of Engineering, and the program’s strategicdirector. “This programwill have direct economic benefits for Wales in terms of knowledgecreation, innovation and exploitation, as well as the developmentof a highly-skilled work force”. The first phase of the project will address the Welsh Government’sobjective of reducing greenhouse gas emissions by 80 percent before2050. Leveraging HP’s experience from its own testbeds at HP Labsin Palo Alto as well as HP hardware and software, a testbed will beestablished to explore the optimal integration of smart meters,smart grid technologies, ultra-low-power wireless sensors, cybersecurity and resource management software to support the radicalchanges in energy provision and consumption required to achievethis target. Ultimately, this will contribute to the creation of apermanent environment for the development of next-generationdigital economy products and services. The initial proof of concept at Swansea University’s existingcampus will be followed by an expansion into the new Bay Campus, a£500m project and one of the top five knowledge economy-basedprojects in Europe*. Construction alone will generate approximately4,000 direct jobs as well as indirect jobs. With the first phasedue to be fully operational by September 2015, the campus willeventually be used by around 5,000 students and up to 900 staff,with facilities for use by local subject matter experts and newstart-ups. “We have long held thatthe future of our cities will require operating at the intersectionof people, planet, profit and peta-data,” says ChandrakantPatel, HP Senior Fellow and Chief Engineer, HP Labs. “This program demonstrates yetanother step on our journey towards city-scale resourcemanagement.” *http://www.swansea.ac.uk/campus-development/
