As Brits prepare to stock up their fridge freezers ahead of the festive season, a new independent study released by Samsung Digital Appliances reveals that a quarter (25%) of Brits end up throwing out food at least once a week because it has ended up at the back of their fridge freezers and they have forgotten about it, amounting to £437 worth of food thrown away a year. The independent survey of 2000 people also highlights that over a quarter (26%) of Brits confessed to 'top up shopping', buying food every other day, with more than one in five (23%) only deciding what they're going to eat for dinner on the day. For this reason, it may come as no surprise that one in ten Brits (10%) forget the food they have bought until they discover it has gone off at the back of their fridge. People in Scotland are the worst offenders, with over one in ten (13%) finding things that have gone past their sell-by date more than once a week, followed by those in East Anglia (12%), the North East (11%) and Wales (10%). Over one fifth (22%) of Brits confess to throwing away food that is more than a week past its sell by date, whilst four percent of unknowing Brits have found an item in their fridge that was more than a year past its sell-by date. People are even more in the dark about the food left in their freezers, with over ten percent of Brits (12%) confessing to throwing away an item that was more than a year past its sell-by date. Introducing more organisation in our fridge-freezers may be the answer to reducing waste and the amount of expired food we throw away. Whilst over a third (34%) of Brits have a partial storage system in their fridge freezer, storing bulk items like milk and eggs separately, 16% of Brits confess to having no system at all, storing food wherever they find space. For this reason, almost ten percent of Brits' weekly shop ends up getting thrown away - be it leftovers, half-eaten lunch packs or food that has gone past its sell-by date. Over one in five (22%) reckon a better food organisation system would help to reduce their food wastage, whilst nearly a quarter (23%) say that being able to more easily see what they buy once it is in their fridge freezer would help. Samsung is working with Vicky Silverthorn, declutterer to the stars and creator of prestigious life organisation company YouNeedAVicky, in conjunction with the Samsung Food ShowCase Refrigerator on Kitchen Concierge, a series of practical tips and advice to help people better organise their fridge freezers: Vicky's top five tips for keeping your refrigerator (and your kitchen) clutter-free, include; -    The more visible the food, the more likely you are to use it up: Whether organising a wardrobe, cupboard or kitchen, one thing I say a lot is if you can't see it you don't use it. With such busy lives how on earth could we be expected to remember every single item we own or have bought? The easier the contents of your fridge are to see, the less likely you are to throw away out-of-date products. Take a mental note of what you end up throwing out each week and make sure you have these products in a more visible place so you don't make the same mistake twice. -    Keep the items you use most at the front of the fridge: Having a streamlined fridge can make a positive difference to someone on a busy day, given the number of times we go in there – for that morning cup of tea, when making breakfast, lunch and dinner and everything in between. Having the items you use most to hand as soon as you open the fridge door can make a world of difference. -    Store at eye level the food you want to eat most of: If you're trying to eat more healthily, then make sure your fresh fruit and vegetables are the first thing you see when you open the fridge – and hide the chocolate as much as possible. -    Make the most of flexible storage: Remember you can often move your refrigerator shelves up and down. So adjust to suit what you are storing to ensure you don't have any dead space. Vicky comments: "Whether you're throwing away lunch leftovers or a bottle of milk that has gone out of date, no one likes to waste food. A well-designed fridge can instantly help you to stay organised and keep on top of your weekly shop; something like the Food ShowCase Refrigerator is perfect, as there is plenty of room to store everything you need so you can find things faster." Lana Sanleandro, Head of Marketing, Home Appliances, Samsung UK, added; "Every household in the UK will remember a time when they have found something in the back of their fridge that has gone past its sell-by date. In spite of this, there are lots of ways to help reduce our household waste, whether that be through planning meals in advance, stricter trips to the supermarket or rearranging the way we store our food. For those planning on upgrading their kitchen, choose a refrigeration range which includes smart features that help to reduce food waste through optimal storage, humidity control and flexible storage options." NOTES TO EDITORS *Average weekly food shop = £84 (ONS, 2012) x 52 weeks a year = £4368 spent on weekly shop a year / 10 (percentage of weekly shop that gets thrown away) = £437 worth of food thrown away a year. Research carried out by OnePoll on 2000 adults Food ShowCase Stockists Samsung Home Appliances' Food ShowCase Refrigerator is now available to buy in the UK from Dixons, John Lewis, AO.com and independent electrical retailers. Pricing is subject to individual retailers. About the Samsung Food ShowCase Refrigerator The Food ShowCase is available in three variants, and what makes it different is it has two doors layered one on top of the other – the 'ShowCase' door opens to reveal easy-access compartments, where you can store and easily access frequently used items straight away. Alternatively you can open the 'InnerCase' where you keep larger food and drink items or items that you need to store for a longer period of time at the perfect temperature in the main section of the fridge. The ShowCase The ShowCase door is designed to make organising your food as easy as possible. Once opened, there are multiple customisable food compartments for everyday items such as sauces, drinks and snacks. Divided into zones, the ShowCase door works to the needs of your family. For added convenience, the lower compartments in the top of the range model are detachable and can be placed directly on the table. The ShowCase also features a Metal Cooling* door that ensures efficient cooling performance with the refrigerator. *Only available on RH57H90507F model The InnerCase The InnerCase is the main section of the fridge freezer, designed to store food items such as meat, fruit and vegetables. Unlike conventional refrigerators with a single cooling outlet for each of the freezer and refrigerator, Samsung's All-Around Cooling feature evenly cools every inch of the fridge as well as the freezer. Cold air is blown out through multiple outlets at every level. As a result, the refrigerator area keeps fruit and vegetables fresher for longer and the freezer reduces freezer burn, and as a result better maintains the quality of frozen food. The Samsung Food ShowCase also features: Ice & Water Dispenser - with the touch of a finger, chilled filtered water is available with a choice of cubed or crushed ice. The 'Ice Master' icemaker is built into the door, giving you valuable extra space and storage for up to 2.2 kg of ice Smart Digital Inverter Technology - energy efficiency and cooling performance is improved thanks to technology which automatically adjusts the compressor in response to cooling demands. This smart technology means more energy saving, less noise and a much more durable appliance. It also comes with a 10-year warranty for peace of mind. About Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. is a global leader in technology, opening new possibilities for people everywhere. Through relentless innovation and discovery, we are transforming the worlds of TVs, smartphones, tablets, PCs, cameras, home appliances, printers, LTE systems, medical devices, semiconductors and LED solutions. We employ 286000 people across 80 countries with annual sales of US$216.7 billion. To discover more, please visit www.samsung.com.
