Samsung Electronics today announced it is working with Code Club to open five Hubs across the UK, which will drive them further to meeting their aim of reaching 5000 clubs and 70000 children by the end of 2015. Manchester’s The Factory Youth Zone in Harpurhey has been chosen to be the second Hub in the UK following the first Hub’s opening in London at the Dragon Hall community centre in Camden earlier this year. It will be equipped with Samsung laptops to run weekly coding sessions with young people and also host four training sessions a year to train Code Club volunteers. Laura Kirsop, Managing Director of Code Club said, “The Hubs are all situated in areas with high levels of deprivation. Samsung and Code Club are both passionate about giving young people from all backgrounds the chance to learn programming skills. We’re now living in a digital age where coding is useful in many hobbies and careers so it’s essential that access to programs like Code Club is fair. We’re delighted that the second Hub is opening in Manchester as support in the city has been fantastic.” In 2013, Manchester City Council announced its 2015 target of having Code Clubs in 25% of all primary schools in the area. This has gained broad support from local organisations, such as Manchester Digital and Manchester Metropolitan University. The Factory Youth Zone acting as a Hub for training volunteers will drive the city closer towards achieving this aim. Andy Griffiths, President of Samsung Electronics UK & Ireland said: “Samsung is committed to creating opportunities for the next generation through access to technology and skills development. Coding is a vital skill for young people who want to pursue a career in technology and today we are excited to support the opening of our second Code Club Hub, which will be at Manchester’s The Factory Youth Zone. We are extremely proud to be in partnership with Code Club, a collaboration that forms part of our wider citizenship programme, which aims to bridge the digital divide and skills gap for young people in the UK.” The Chief Executive of The Factory Youth Zone, Richard Marsh, said: “This is a tremendous opportunity to enable our young people to attain and develop skills that will open up a whole new world. The Factory Youth Zone is so excited to be working in partnership with Code Club and Samsung and is keen to develop this work further.” The Factory Youth Zone Code Club will start on Monday 10th November, and will give 15 young people from the local area at a time the opportunity to learn how to create games, animations and websites. Upcoming volunteer training events at the Regional Hub will be announced soon, and in the meantime The Factory Youth Zone are holding an event to showcase the possibilities offered by the Hub to the local community on Thursday 6th November. About Samsung’s Citizenship Programmes Samsung is committed to help close the digital divide and skills gap in the UK. Samsung Digital Classrooms in schools, charities / non-profit organisations and cultural partners provide access to the latest technology. Samsung is also providing the training and maintenance support necessary to help make the transition and integration of the new technology as smooth as possible. Samsung is also offering qualifications and training in technology for young people and teachers through its Digital Academies in London and Birmingham. These initiatives will inspire young people, staff and teachers to learn and teach in new exciting ways and to help encourage young people into careers using technology. Find out more: www.samsung.com/uk/citizenship About Code Club Code Club help volunteer programmers get into schools to run clubs that teach children to code. The clubs are free for children to attend and for schools to host. There are over 2000 clubs across the UK and over 800 schools on the waiting list. Code Club is a not-for-profit organisation, founded in 2012. Its partners include Samsung, Talk Talk and ARM Holdings. Code Club is supported by the Cabinet Office, NESTA, Google and Nominet Trust. Code Club have won a number of awards along the way - including: Talk Talk’s ‘Digital Heroes’ in 2013; the Europa’s (‘Greatest influence on society’) in 2014. Find out more: www.codeclub.org.uk or follow @CodeClub About Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. is a global leader in technology, opening new possibilities for people everywhere. Through relentless innovation and discovery, we are transforming the worlds of TVs, smartphones, tablets, PCs, cameras, home appliances, printers, LTE systems, medical devices, semiconductors and LED solutions. We employ 286000 people across 80 countries with annual sales of US$216.7 billion. To discover more, please visit www.samsung.com.
