Samsung UK today announced that the Gear S will be available exclusively to Samsung Experience Stores, Samsung.com Shop and O2 customers from Friday 7th November, with other major UK retailers to follow. Delivering the most advanced wearable experience yet, the Gear S features 3G connectivity giving you the flexibility to carry out your day to day lives with much greater freedom. You can make and receive calls directly from your wrist and easily reply to SMS via keyboard or enhanced S voice functionality, plus the Gear S also automatically connects and syncs information once combined with your smartphone for seamless communication. Sporting a beautiful, curved Super AMOLED display, the Samsung Gear S offers a richer viewing experience and a bright, easy-to-use interface. It allows you to read messages and notifications in a single glance with features such as conversation view and condensed font. It’s chic, curved design fits comfortably around the contours of your wrist, whilst its customisable screen options and changeable straps mean you can express your own taste and style. As well as offering a range of connectivity options via 3G, Bluetooth, and Wi-Fi, the Gear S is also a perfect health and fitness companion featuring more enhanced multi-sensors, built in GPS, robust S Health features and applications like Nike+ Running so you can track your runs, measure your fitness and hear welcome workout motivation without your phone. “This is an exciting and dynamic time for the wearable technology category and we are delighted  to be leading the innovation drive, delivering products that truly redefine the mobile experience for customers by offering greater flexibility and freedom on the move,” said Ines van Gennip, Marketing Director, IT & Mobile Division, Samsung UK & Ireland. “Combining a sleek, stylish design and Super AMOLED screen with 3G connectivity, the Samsung Gear S is the ultimate smart wearable device.” Full details and product images are available at: www.samsungmobilepress.com. The Gear S will be available to buy for a recommended retail price of £329. Samsung Gear S Product Specifications: Network 900 / 2100 or 850 / 1900 (3G) 900 / 1800 or 850 / 1900 (2G) Display 2.0” Super AMOLED (360 x 480) AP Dual core 1 GHz OS Tizen based wearable platform Audio Codec: MP3 / AAC / AAC+ / eAAC+ Format: MP3, M4A, AAC, OGG Features Communications: - 2G, 3G Call, Bluetooth Call Contacts, Notifications, Messages, Emails, QWERTY Keyboard Health & Fitness: S Health, Nike+ Running Information: Schedule, News, Navigation, Weather Media: Music Player, Gallery Others: S Voice, Find My Device, Power Saving Mode IP67 Certified Dust and Water Resistant Samsung services Samsung Gear Apps Connectivity Bluetooth®: 4.1 USB: USB 2.0 Sensor Accelerometer, Gyroscope, Compass, Heart Rate, Ambient Light, UV, Barometer Memory RAM: 512 MB Storage: 4 GB Internal Memory Dimension 39.8 x 58.3 x 12.5 T Battery 300 mAh Li-ion Typical Usage 2days About Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. is a global leader in technology, opening new possibilities for people everywhere. Through relentless innovation and discovery, we are transforming the worlds of TVs, smartphones, tablets, PCs, cameras, home appliances, printers, LTE systems, medical devices, semiconductors and LED solutions. We employ 286000 people across 80 countries with annual sales of US$216.7 billion. To discover more, please visit www.samsung.com.
