Samsung Electronics UK announces today that the Galaxy Tab Active is now available through leading UK IT distributor Exertis. Samsung’s first tablet designed specifically for the B2B market will be available exclusively for six months with Exertis, in both the 4G and Wi-Fi versions. Samsung has chosen to partner exclusively with Exertis due to the strength of offering in terms of sector alignment. Exertis will offer the Galaxy Tab Active with specific sector proposals to enhance the end user experience, across lone workers, field-based operators, the health sector and the education arena. Graham Long, Vice President of Enterprise Business at Samsung, commented: “Samsung’s Galaxy Tab Active device has been designed to address the requirements and challenges faced by business users. The enterprise technology landscape has shifted dramatically, driven by the demand for devices that appeal to consumers while being able to cope with the challenging requirements of professional use. We’re excited to announce that the Samsung Galaxy Tab Active is now available from our distribution partners Exertis, whose sector-specific proposition reflects our view that a tailored approach is key to differentiating within a crowded marketplace.” Ewan Davies, Exertis’ head of devices, commented: “I am delighted to partner with Samsung on what is their strongest B2B tablet opportunity to date. Samsung’s choice of Exertis as its exclusive partner reinforces the value that Samsung sees in us as a distributor. This allows Exertis to develop a unique proposition for all sectors, particularly in education and health. As an exclusive product for Exertis, this really enables us to be creative in terms of value and service and we are already seeing volume deals across multiple sectors.” Features of the Galaxy Tab Active deliver complete business functionality based on performance, durability and protection, allowing professionals to work without limitations in and out of the office. The Galaxy Tab Active delivers the full connectivity and meets the “always on” needs of today’s mobile business environment. It is ready to take on the harshest of work settings, and its slim, light, premium, robust design coupled with replaceable battery allows users to work efficiently wherever and whenever needed. Samsung’s Galaxy Tab Active LTE is available from Exertis now, with the Wi-Fi version to follow shortly. For more information, please visit here. Notes to Editors About Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. is a global leader in technology, opening new possibilities for people everywhere. Through relentless innovation and discovery, we are transforming the worlds of TVs, smartphones, tablets, PCs, cameras, home appliances, printers, LTE systems, medical devices, semiconductors and LED solutions. We employ 286000 people across 80 countries with annual sales of US$216.7 billion. To discover more, please visit www.samsung.com About Exertis Ltd Exertis is one of the leading distributors of IT, communication & home entertainment products in the UK and a wholly owned subsidiary of parent company DCC PLC, Ireland's sixth largest company. Exertis represents over 180 manufacturers in the UK alone spanning more than 22000 products across computing and accessories, print, consumer electronics, networking, servers and solutions, communications and mobile and AV solutions. World class partner brands include Acer, Huawei, Samsung, Sony, Toshiba, Nokia, Western Digital, SonicWall and Netgear. Exertis’ market-leading approach teamed with a state-of-the-art distribution centre, next day delivery and a host of managed services, including end user fulfilment, assures the highest levels of customer service and satisfaction at all times.
