Luxembourg, 6 October 2014: Amazon has launched its AW14 Coat Edit, a hand selected edit of its key outerwear pieces for the season from brands including Boss Orange, Tommy Hilfiger, Great Plains, French Connection, Esprit, and Levi’s. The edit features approximately 400 men’s coats and 400 women’s coats, all sold directly by Amazon.co.uk. “We want to make it easy for customers to browse and find the right coat for their winter wardrobe so we’ve handpicked our top pieces and added videos of these products so customers can see how the products fit.” Sergio Bucher, European Vice President of Amazon Fashion. “We have a great selection of on trends coats with free UK delivery and free returns and customers can also browse for winter boots, and accessories to complete their look.” Amazon Fashion’s in-house stylist Marie Davies helped curate the edit and offered her insight into the key trends for the season; “There’s some beautiful coats for women this season – look out for wrap coats, tactile textures and stylish slim and tailored classics, as well as oversized styles which offer room for essential winter layering, and perennial parkas and belted down jackets for a utilitarian look.” “Our menswear collection offers plenty of trends to take you from brisk autumn days to chilly winter nights - from lightweight parkas and leather bikers to winter wools and peacoats, keeping our customers wrapped up in style this season. A smart sports direction is key for AW14 with updated quilted coats and down jackets setting the pace.” To shop the collection visit www.amazon.co.uk/coats Menswear www.amazon.co.uk/menscoats Womenswear www.amazon.co.uk/womenscoats -Ends- For more information please contact Katie Keenan at the Amazon Press Office, kkeenan@amazon.co.uk About Amazon Fashion Amazon Fashion brings together top brands and retailers at one, convenient shopping destination. Globally, Amazon has 35 million active customers shopping for fashion. About Amazon.co.uk Fashion Fashion is one of the fastest growing categories at Amazon.co.uk. During the last week of November 2013, Amazon.co.uk announced it had taken orders for more than one million items of clothing and shoes in one week. In 2012 and 2013 Amazon partered with design duo Meadham Kirchhoff to create a capsule sweatshirt collection (AW12) and a capsule scarf collection (AW13). For SS14 Amazon.co.uk worked with aerial photographer Jason Hawkes to create a capsule collection of men’s pocket squares featuring iconic London landmarks, to celebrate London Collections:Men. In September 2014 Amazon announced a partnership with british based designer Osman for a capsule collection for AW14. Amazon.co.uk Fashion is a patron of the British Fashion Council. About Amazon.com Amazon.com opened on the World Wide Web in July 1995. The company is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire phone, Fire tablets, and Fire TV are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon.
