Amazon Prime customers in the UK automatically qualify for Two-Day Delivery on these products at no additional charge Luxembourg, July 16, 2014 – Amazon is working hard every day to provide its European customers with the widest selection of products and fast delivery at the click of a button. For many years, products stored in Amazon’s European fulfilment centres outside the UK have been available to order on Amazon.co.uk with a delivery time of between 3-7 days. Today, Amazon is announcing that as a result of improvements and innovations in its cross border delivery network, more than a million products stored in its European Fulfilment Centres are now available for Two-Day Delivery for customers in the UK. By the end of the year, that number of products available is expected to rise to 3 million. Prime customers in the UK will automatically qualify for Two-Day Delivery on these products at no additional charge. The new service will also benefit the many thousands of UK-based Marketplace sellers who use the Fulfilment by Amazon (FBA) service. With FBA, sellers send all their inventory to Amazon who pick, pack, ship and provide customer service for any orders. UK FBA sellers will now benefit from ‘Two-Day Delivery’ to other European countries. “This is another significant step towards what Amazon believes providing the best customer offering across Europe should look like,” said Xavier Garambois, Vice President Retail, Amazon EU Sàrl. “Our long standing goal has been to offer an unrivalled service for customers regardless of where they are based in the EU and the systems that we have created to deliver to any customer, in any EU country from any of our 25 European Fulfilment Centres continue to improve.” “Our European approach brings a wealth of benefits for customers including access to an ever-increasing selection of products, fast delivery from any of our European Fulfilment Centres and low prices driven by the efficiencies and economies scale that we achieve,” said Roy Perticucci, Vice President for EU Operations at Amazon EU Sarl. “We will continue to look at ways to offer even more products, even faster.” The Two-Day Delivery service for products stored outside the UK is available at no charge for Amazon Prime customers. Other Prime benefits include unlimited One-Day Delivery on over 7 million items stored in the UK,  access to Prime Instant Video with unlimited streaming of more than 15,000 popular films and TV episodes, and access to 500,000 Kindle titles to borrow in the Kindle owners lending library, all for just £79 a year. Amazon.co.uk customers can currently choose from more than 120 million different items on the site. This includes products stored by Amazon in the UK, products stored by Amazon in its other European Fulfilment Centres and products listed by tens of thousands of businesses via Amazon Marketplace. Examples of Marketplace sellers finding success in the UK can be found here: Seller Success Stories To learn more about Two-Day Delivery, please visit the following link: https://www.amazon.co.uk/gp/prime/pipeline/landing?ie=UTF8&*Version*=1&*entries*=0
