Slough – 2nd June 2014: Amazon has today announced it has submitted a planning application to expand its fulfilment centre in Rugeley. If the application is successful, 350 new permanent jobs will be created at the Towers Business Park centre. The planning application seeks permission to create a new entrance to the building and construct a new roundabout within the site to enhance traffic flow in and out of the centre. Additional car parking spaces are also proposed, plus a new bus stop on site. The interior of the building, which is already home to many millions of products, will be reconfigured in order to double its capacity. Amazon opened its Rugeley fulfilment centre in September 2011 and currently employs over 600 permanent Amazon associates. Across the UK Amazon employs more than 7,000 permanent employees, 5,800 of these are permanent employees in UK fulfilment centres. In 2013 Amazon created 15,000 temporary positions in the run up to Christmas. Councillor George Adamson, Leader of Cannock Chase Council, said: “A planning application has been received which, if approved, will see the expansion of Amazon's distribution capacity at their warehouse in Rugeley. Amazon's proposal to invest further in Rugeley is to be warmly welcomed, together with the new jobs that would be created. This shows that Cannock Chase is an attractive place to invest and create jobs for local people”. Amazon has invested over £1billion in its UK Operations. Amazon also supports the British economy by purchasing goods and services from British suppliers, over the last 5 years more than £1billion has been paid to delivery companies like Royal Mail to deliver packages across the UK. Amazon also has UK fulfilment centres in Doncaster, Dunfermline, Gourock, Hemel Hempstead, Milton Keynes, Peterborough and Swansea Bay. Amazon expects to create around 2,500 seasonal roles at its Rugeley this Christmas. -ends- For further information please contact: Melanie Etches in the Amazon.co.uk Ltd Press Office Email: pressoffice@amazon.co.uk About Amazon.co.uk Amazon.co.uk opened its virtual doors in October 1998 and strives to be Earth’s most customer-centric company, where customers can find and discover anything they might want to buy online, and endeavours to offer its customers the lowest possible prices. Amazon.co.uk and other sellers offer millions of new, refurbished and used items in categories such as Baby, Books, Car & Motorbike, Clothing, DIY & Tools, DVD, Electronics & Photo, Grocery, Health & Beauty, Home & Garden, Jewellery, MP3, Music, Musical Instruments & DJ, Office, PC, Pet Supplies, Shoes, Software, Sports & Leisure, Toys & Games, Video Games and Watches. Kindle is the world's bestselling e-reader family and Kindle Paperwhite is our most advanced e-reader. It features new display technology with higher contrast, the next generation built-in light, a faster processor, the latest touch technology, and exclusive new features designed from the ground up for readers. Kindle, the lightest and smallest Kindle, features improved fonts and faster page turns. The new Kindle Fire HDX features a stunning exclusive 7" or 8.9" HDX display, a quad-core 2.2 GHz processor, 2x more memory, and 11 hours of battery life, as well as exclusive new features of Fire OS 3.0. The all-new Kindle Fire HD includes an HD display, high-performance processor and dual speakers at a breakthrough price. Amazon Web Services provides Amazon's developer customers with access to in-the-cloud infrastructure services based on Amazon's own back-end technology platform, which developers can use to enable virtually any type of business. Amazon.co.uk is a trading name for Amazon EU S.à.r.l, Amazon Services Europe S.à.r.l and Amazon Media EU S.à.r.l. All three are wholly owned subsidiaries of global online retailer Amazon.com, Inc (NASDAQ:AMZN), located in Seattle, Washington. Amazon and its affiliates operate websites, including www.amazon.com, www.amazon.co.uk, www.amazon.de, www.amazon.co.jp, www.amazon.fr, www.amazon.ca, www.amazon.cn, www.amazon.it, www.amazon.es, www.amazon.com.br, www.amazon.in, and www.amazon.com.mx. As used herein, “Amazon.com,” “we,” “our” and similar terms include Amazon.com, Inc., and its subsidiaries, unless the context indicates otherwise. Forward-Looking Statements This announcement contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Actual results may differ significantly from management's expectations. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that include, among others, risks related to competition, management of growth, new products, services and technologies, potential fluctuations in operating results, international expansion, outcomes of legal proceedings and claims, fulfillment centre optimization, seasonality, commercial agreements, acquisitions and strategic transactions, foreign exchange rates, system interruption, inventory, government regulation and taxation, payments and fraud. More information about factors that potentially could affect Amazon.com's financial results is included in Amazon.com's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including its most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent filings.
