Collection will be available in November 2014 Luxembourg, 16 September 2014: Amazon has announced an exclusive partnership with renowned London-based fashion designer, Osman, to launch a limited edition capsule collection for AW14. The capsule collection will be sold exclusively via Amazon’s websites across Europe. The collection includes a little black dress, unisex tuxedo style jacket, unisex Christmas knit, and statement necklace. Prices will be under £150. “We strive to make Amazon the best place to buy fashion online, and bringing exciting and exclusive selection to our customers is key” said Sergio Bucher, Vice President of Fashion at Amazon EU Sarl. “The capsule collection that Osman has created will no doubt be a big hit with Osman fans as well as customers looking for the perfect pieces for their winter wardrobe.” Osman commented, “Partnering with Amazon Fashion to create this limited edition capsule collection gives me a great opportunity to bring what I do to a wider audience. The pieces are a fun take on my mainline collection, still nodding to an architectural aesthetic, strong clean lines and an emphasis on cut. I’m excited to offer unisex items, along with jewellery, which is a first for me and all at an accessible price-point. These are timeless, versatile pieces, which I hope fans of my brand will love.” The limited edition capsule collection will go on sale in November 2014. - ENDS - For more information about Amazon Fashion please contact Katie Keenan kkeenan@amazon.co.uk About Amazon Fashion Amazon Fashion brings together top brands and retailers at one, convenient shopping destination. Globally, Amazon has 35 million active customers shopping for fashion and it is one of the fastest growing categories at Amazon.co.uk. During the last week of November 2013, Amazon.co.uk announced it had taken orders for more than one million items of clothing and shoes in one week. Amazon.co.uk Fashion partnered with British design duo Meadham Kirchhoff to create a capsule sweatshirt collection for AW12 and a capsule scarf collection for AW13. Amazon.co.uk Fashion is a patron of the British Fashion Council. About Amazon.com Amazon.com opened on the World Wide Web in July 1995. The company is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire phone, Fire tablets, and Fire TV are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. About Osman Osman, the eponymous label from London-based Osman Yousefzada, made its London Fashion Week debut in 2008. Deeply rooted in the creative worlds of both art and fashion, Osman’s unique architectural aesthetic and strong, sculptural designs both flatter and celebrate the woman’s body, qualities which have established the designer as one of London’s most exciting talents. Inspired by his interest in abstract art, ethnicity, and the costume of ancient cultures, Osman similarly excels in his bold use of colour and hand-drawn print. Osman’s fan base has expanded to include a plethora of famous names, including Beyoncé, Emily Blunt and Gwyneth Paltrow.
