New Kindle Voyage is our thinnest, most advanced Kindle ever, with the brightest, highest resolution, and highest contrast display, plus reimagined page turns—just £169 New £59 Kindle is small and light, with weeks of battery life, a 20% faster processor, twice the storage, and now with a touch interface Luxembourg—18 September, 2014—Amazon today introduced the 7th generation of Kindle - Kindle Voyage, our most advanced e-reader ever, and the new £59 Kindle, with a 20% faster processor, twice the storage, and now with a touch interface. Meet the new Kindle and Kindle Voyage at www.amazon.co.uk/kindle-voyage. “Our mission with Kindle is to make the device disappear, so you can lose yourself in the author’s world,” said Jeff Bezos, Amazon.com Founder and CEO. “Kindle Voyage is the next big step in this mission. With the thinnest design, highest resolution and highest contrast display, reimagined page turns, and all of the features that readers love about Kindle—books in seconds, no eyestrain or glare, readability in bright sunlight, and battery life measured in weeks, not hours—Kindle Voyage is crafted from the ground up for readers.” Kindle Voyage—Our Most Advanced E-Reader—£169 All-New Design—The Thinnest Kindle Ever Kindle Voyage features an all-new design, with a beautiful flush glass front and a magnesium back, so it is strong, thin and light. At just 7.6 mm and weighing less than 180 grams, Kindle Voyage is the thinnest device we’ve ever built, making it even easier to hold with one hand and read for hours. Next-Generation Paperwhite Display Kindle Voyage uses a brand new Paperwhite display, with the highest resolution, highest contrast and highest brightness of any Kindle. With 300 pixels per inch, the new Paperwhite display delivers laser -quality text and images. The flush-front display stack uses specially strengthened glass, which is designed to resist scratches. Since regular glass would create glare, the cover glass on Kindle Voyage is micro-etched in order to diffuse light, ensuring easy and glare-free reading in bright light. The etching pattern on the glass also serves to match the feel of paper. Adaptive Front Light—Our Smartest Front Light In addition to being our brightest front light ever—39% brighter— the new adaptive front light adjusts the brightness of the display automatically based on the surrounding light. And because not everyone has the same lighting preferences, the adaptive front light can be fine-tuned to your personal preference. Also, since the human eye adjusts to darkness over time, the light you need when you start reading in the dark will seem too bright 30 minutes later—the adaptive front light slowly lowers the display’s brightness over time to match the way the eye responds to darkness. PagePress—Reimagined Page Turns Kindle Voyage introduces PagePress, a new way to turn pages. PagePress uses a custom-designed force sensor that sits directly under the bezel. You simply rest your thumb on the bezel and turn the page by lightly pressing. When you turn the page, Kindle Voyage delivers tactile feedback from a haptic actuator. The actuator delivers just enough vibration to let you know you turned the page, but is subtle enough that you won’t be distracted from your reading. You can personalise both the pressure level needed to trigger a page turn and the haptic feedback level. Free 3G Kindle Voyage is available with free 3G, which means you never have to hunt for or pay for a Wi-Fi hotspot—simply download and read books anytime, anywhere, in over 100 countries around the world. Amazon pays for the 3G connection, so you pay no monthly fees and sign no annual contracts. New Origami Cover The new origami-style cover design is inspired by the bestselling Origami covers for Fire tablets, and provides a stand for both portrait and landscape positions. Origami covers attach magnetically so they are easy to take on and off, and turn your Kindle Voyage on and off automatically when you open and close them. The cover is available starting at £39.99—learn more at www.amazon.co.uk/kindle-origami Kindle—Now With Touch, still only £59 The all-new Kindle includes a 20% faster processor, twice the storage, and now features a touch interface and all of the latest features customers love about Kindle, including Smart Lookup. The new Kindle is small, light and portable—toss it in a beach bag or put it in a pocket to always have your books with you. The new Kindle is great for anyone who’s new to e-reading: Readers who haven’t yet experienced an e-reader will be surprised by how easy it is to read on, with no glare even in bright sunlight, and weeks of battery life Readers who have never tried eBooks will love enhanced reading features like instant dictionary look-up, adjustable font sizes and X-Ray, which lets them quickly look up character information Parents will love that they can give their kids a purpose-built e-reader with an easy-to-navigate touch interface, plus great features that help kids learn— Vocabulary Builder, and more—still only £59   The new Kindle comes with special offers that appear on the lock screen. These special money-saving offers that you will enjoy could include offers on Kindle accessories or on our digital catalogue of Kindle books. Introducing the New Kindle Family All Kindle e-readers feature displays that are easy to read with no glare, even in bright sunlight, have battery life that is measured in weeks rather than hours, and are lightweight and easy to hold and read on for hours. You can now choose from three different Kindle e-Readers to find the one that is best for you: The new £59 Kindle, with a 20% faster processor, twice the storage, and touch; Kindle Paperwhite, the bestselling Kindle since its introduction, now with twice the storage so you never have to worry about being without a favourite title, just £109 Kindle Voyage, with the brightest, highest contrast, and highest resolution display ever on a Kindle, just £169 All-New Reading Features for Kindle, Kindle Paperwhite and Kindle Voyage Word Wise—For readers learning English and kids learning to read, Word Wise makes it even easier to understand challenging vocabulary. Short and simple definitions automatically appear above difficult words, so you can keep reading without having to stop and look up a word. To learn more or to see the various meanings the same word can have in different contexts, just tap on the word to bring up a simple card with definitions, synonyms and more. You can adjust the number of hints you see with a simple slider, dialing them up or down as you learn and grow. Family Library—For the first time, you can access not only your own Kindle books, but also books from the Amazon account of a spouse or partner. Expanded X-Ray for Books—X-Ray now makes it easier to explore as you read—quickly flip through all the images in a book, and use the new timeline view to easily browse the most notable passages.  Coming soon—It’s even easier to find what you are looking for by combining and previewing results from your Library and the Kindle Store on the same page. The features above will be delivered as part of a free, over-the-air software update starting later this autumn. Customer-Favourite Features Kindle, Kindle Paperwhite and Kindle Voyage include all of the features that have made the Kindle family the bestselling e-reader in the world for seven years running: Weeks of Battery Life—Kindle e-Readers have a battery life that is measured in weeks, not hours. No setup required—Kindle arrives pre-registered so you can start reading immediately. Whispersync—Saves and synchronises your last page read, bookmarks and annotations across all of your devices and Kindle apps, so you can always pick up where you left off. Worry-Free Archive—Automatically backs up your Kindle books in the Cloud, so you never need to worry about losing your books—re-download your books wirelessly anytime for free. Smart Lookup—Integrates a full dictionary definition with other reference information via X-Ray and Wikipedia. Time to Read—Tells you how much time it will take to finish a chapter or a book based on your personalised reading speed. Kindle Page Flip—Skim page-by-page, scan by chapter, or jump to anywhere in your book, all without losing your place. Vocabulary Builder—Compiles words you look up in the dictionary into an easy-to-access list. Use these lists to quiz yourself with flashcards and instantly see words in context. Facebook and Twitter—Share book recommendations, highlighted sections and meaningful quotes with friends. Vast Selection; Low Prices Kindle e-readers come with instant access to the Kindle Store, which includes: Massive selection—Millions of books, newspapers and magazines, including the latest bestsellers, Kindle Singles and more. Kindle exclusives—Over 500,000 books are exclusive to the Kindle Store. Low Book Prices—We check hundreds of prices every day to make sure our prices are the lowest of any e-book store in the UK. Kindle Owners’ Lending Library—Prime members who own a Kindle can choose from hundreds of thousands of books to borrow for free, as frequently as a book a month, with no waiting and no due dates. The new Kindle is available for pre-order today for £59 at www.amazon.co.uk/kindle and will start shipping on October 2nd. The new Kindle Voyage is £169 and available for pre-order today at www.amazon.co.uk/kindle-voyage —it will start shipping on November 4th. ### For images and information about other devices please click here. About Amazon Amazon.com opened on the World Wide Web in July 1995. The company is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire phone, Fire tablets, and Fire TV are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon.
