Members can upload unlimited photos to Amazon Cloud Drive and rest easy knowing they’re safe and accessible Luxembourg – 11 November 2014: Amazon today introduced Prime Photos for UK Prime customers. Prime Photos is the newest benefit for Prime members and provides free unlimited photo storage in Amazon Cloud Drive. Most people have a lifetime of birthdays, vacations, holidays, and everyday moments stored across numerous devices. And, they continue to create billions of photos every year. Now, Prime members have a simple, secure place to store them all for free. Starting today, members can securely store their existing photo collections, automatically upload new photos taken and access them anytime, anywhere, at no cost. Members can start using the Prime Photos benefit today by visiting www.amazon.co.uk/primephotos. Tens of millions of members around the world already enjoy Prime. In the UK, membership includes unlimited One-Day Delivery on more than 7 million items, instant streaming of more than 15,000 popular movies and TV episodes through Prime Instant Video and access to over 600,000 books to borrow through the Kindle Owners’ Lending Library. “This is the season when families are capturing thousands of photos of Christmas gatherings, special outings and opening presents,” said Michael Pasch, Director, Amazon Prime EU. “Prime Photos will give our members the opportunity to save those special memories for free. With unlimited photo storage we’re providing Prime members in the UK another great way to save time and save money.” Prime Photos will now enable Prime members to: Upload photos from their iOS and Android devices, Fire tablets and Fire phone, and Mac and Windows computers—and have them stored for free in the Amazon cloud. Access their photo collections at any time from nearly any device—including the big screen using Amazon Fire TV, as well as PlayStation 3, PlayStation 4, and select LG and Samsung smart TVs. Add photos to Cloud Drive in their original version so customers never have to worry about losing the full resolution image. Rest easy knowing that their photos are protected in the Amazon cloud. Here’s what Amazon customers are saying about Amazon Cloud Drive: “Recently at a large family celebration, while everyone was chatting and relaxing after a good meal, we quietly switched on our Amazon Cloud Photos on "slideshow". Then we enjoyed watching the family as the photos caught everyone's attention, finally drawing everyone toward the wide screen TV to watch our family history slideshow. Soon everyone was laughing and remembering and enjoying the show.” “Save your life story in photos on Amazon Cloud Drive Photos!!!” “I just plugged [Fire TV] in and it was ready to go with all my Amazon library, and my photos from the Amazon Cloud. I have my photos as my screensaver, I love that.” “Really like that I can view photos from all my computers, phones and tablets.” Prime Photos is extended to all UK Prime members. Members can access their photos on the following devices: Fire tablets, Amazon Fire TV, Fire phone, iPhone, iPad, Android phones and tablets, PlayStation 3 and 4, and select LG and Samsung smart TVs. For a limited time, Fire phone includes a full year of Prime. Those customers will enjoy unlimited photo storage with Prime Photos in addition to all of the benefits of Amazon Prime. Ends. About Amazon Prime Amazon Prime is an annual membership program for £79 a year that offers customers unlimited One-Day Delivery on more than 7 million items across all categories, unlimited streaming of more than 15,000 popular movies and TV episodes through Prime Instant Video and access to over 600,000 books to borrow through the Kindle Owners’ Lending Library. Not a member? Start a free trial of Amazon Prime at www.amazon.co.uk/prime. About Amazon Amazon.com opened on the World Wide Web in July 1995. The company is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalised recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire phone, Fire tablets, and Fire TV are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon.
