Customers will be able to pick up their Amazon orders at Birmingham Airport from 22nd September Slough – 17th September, 2014 – Shopping at Birmingham Airport just became even easier for millions of airline passengers with the introduction of Amazon Lockers. Birmingham becomes the first UK airport to install the Lockers which will provide a simple and convenient pick up point for Amazon orders from Monday 22nd September. Deliveries made to Amazon Lockers nationally have more than doubled in the last year as customers continue to enjoy the flexibility the service provides. Amazon Lockers are ideal for the millions of passengers, visitors and staff who want to place orders online and pick up their items on the move. “Amazon Lockers at travel terminals are amongst the most popular so it made perfect sense to us that the next step would be to install them at a leading UK airport,” said Christopher North, Managing Director of Amazon.co.uk Ltd. “Amazon Lockers are the delivery option of choice for many customers who want to pick up their shopping at a time and place that suits them best and we are delighted that customers flying in and out of Birmingham will now be able to pick up the products that are flying off our shelves whilst at the airport.” Amazon customers select a Locker location when they get to the checkout and are then given a unique pick-up code in order to retrieve their items from that Amazon Locker. Located prior to security in the airport’s south-check-in hall near to arrivals, the Amazon Lockers will be accessible to customers twenty-four hours a day. Birmingham Airport currently sees nine million passengers pass through the terminal every year. Birmingham Airport’s head of commercial, Richard Gill, said: “The arrival of Amazon Lockers at Birmingham Airport is great news for people passing through the airport, who can now pick up their items purchased online, whilst on the move, thanks to this new facility inside the terminal. We’re sure these Lockers will prove to be tremendously popular and strengthens our commitment to providing excellent customer facilities.” The number of Amazon Locker locations across the UK is now approaching 300. They are positioned in convenient locations across the UK such as shopping centres, supermarkets, universities and libraries. The vast majority of products directly sold by Amazon.co.uk are available for delivery to an Amazon Locker and Amazon Prime members get One-Day delivery to these locations as part of their membership. Customers who aren’t members of Amazon Prime can receive One-Day delivery for £1.99 or get free standard delivery on orders over £10. Ends For further information please contact: Amazon.co.uk Ltd Press Office Email: pressoffice@amazon.co.uk Notes to editors: On its busiest day in the run up to Christmas (Monday 2nd December 2013), 4.1 million items were ordered on Amazon.co.uk - a rate of around 47 items ordered per second. Amazon has invested over £1billion in its UK Operations. Amazon also supports the British economy by purchasing goods and services from British suppliers, over the last 5 years more than £1billion has been paid to delivery companies like Royal Mail to deliver packages across the UK. Amazon offers ‘Fulfilment by Amazon’ where sellers can send their inventory to Amazon and products are picked, packed, delivered on the seller’s behalf. With FBA, sellers are able to offer fast delivery to customers all over Europe, including Amazon Lockers. Thousands of small and medium sized businesses are creating and building their business on Amazon in this way. Amazon.co.uk offers a range of convenient delivery options including Amazon Prime which gives customers unlimited One-Day Delivery on millions of eligible items for an annual fee of just £79. Amazon.co.uk also now offers Evening Delivery (same-day) in 19 cities across the UK. About Amazon Amazon.com opened on the World Wide Web in July 1995. The company is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalised recommendations, Prime, Fulfilment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire phone, Fire tablets, and Fire TV are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon.
