Amazon’s annual seasonal hiring is in addition to recent announcement of over 1,000 additional permanent positions to be hired in coming months Slough – 20th October, 2014 – Amazon UK today announced that it will hire 13,000 people in seasonal roles within its fulfilment and customer service centres over the Christmas period.  The roles will be based at Amazon’s eight fulfilment centres across the UK and its customer service centre in Edinburgh. The announcement comes a week after Amazon announced it will hire a further 1,000 permanent employees at its fulfilment centres over the coming months. “Last year, on the busiest day in the run up to Christmas, our customers ordered 4.1 million items - that’s about 47 items ordered per second.  The thousands of seasonal associates who join us at this time of year play an integral role in helping us deliver an exceptional experience for our customers during this incredibly busy time,” said John Tagawa, Director of UK Operations at Amazon. “We look forward to welcoming back those associates who join us each and every Christmas as well as many new faces who are joining the Amazon team for the first time.” “We’re excited to be creating 13,000 seasonal jobs, hundreds of which will lead to permanent, full-time positons. We have created more than 2,000 new permanent roles at our fulfilment centres in the last two years, taking our total permanent fulfilment and customer service centre workforce to over 6,000 employees.”      Customers continue to benefit from Amazon’s delivery innovations and new services. Just this year, Sunday delivery has been made available in seven cities; more than a million products in Amazon’s European fulfilment centres outside the UK have been made available for Two-Day delivery to the UK; and Amazon’s network of pick-up points has continued to expand including new Amazon Lockers in tube stations and Birmingham Airport. Recruitment for the 13,000 seasonal jobs will be ongoing from this point and those interested in a role should visit www.amazon-operations.co.uk. Further information about working at Amazon can be found at www.amazon-operations.co.uk/fcpractices. -Ends- For further information please contact: Amazon.co.uk Ltd Press Office Email: pressoffice@amazon.co.uk Tel: 0208 636 9280 Notes to editors: Amazon.co.uk offers a range of convenient delivery options including Amazon Prime which gives customers unlimited One-Day Delivery on millions of eligible items for an annual fee of just £79. Amazon.co.uk also now offers Evening Delivery (same-day) in 19 cities across the UK. Amazon has eight fulfilment centres across the UK in Doncaster, Dunfermline, Gourock, Hemel Hempstead, Milton Keynes, Peterborough, Rugeley and Swansea Bay. About Amazon Amazon.com opened on the World Wide Web in July 1995. The company is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalised recommendations, Prime, Fulfilment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire phone, Fire tablets, and Fire TV are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon.
