Manage your home wherever you are with the NEW Home Automation store at Amazon.co.uk 10th April, 2014: Amazon.co.uk has today launched a Home Automation Store (http://www.amazon.co.uk/home-automation) featuring more than a thousand products including lighting, home monitoring, security, temperature control, health and fitness, energy management and entertainment systems. This one-stop-shop is a destination for customers to discover and purchase products to manage their homes and lives remotely via their smartphone or tablet device, whether they are sitting on their sofa or many miles away. Home Automation can be as simple as installing a programmable thermostat or occupancy sensor, or as sophisticated as setting up a network to enable centralised control of the entire home. Home Automation is designed to simplify people's lives by automating everyday tasks – for example, having the lights switch on/off when you enter or leave a room; allowing control of devices from a tablet or smartphone – for example, turning on your washing machine from a mobile device; and helping people keep an eye on their home and loved ones whilst on the move. The following six areas are featured in the new Home Automation Store at Amazon.co.uk: 1. Energy Management - light bulbs, thermometers, outlets and accessories, current switches and lighting control modules 2. Monitoring and Security - security cameras, webcams, door hardware, unlock security systems, household scanners and alarms 3. Home Automation Controllers and Network Accessories - home automation gateways, tablets, routers, modems, power line network adapters and network attached storage 4. Ease of Use - robot vacuum cleaners, mobile/garage door locking, mobile lawn and garden care and mobile controlled lighting 5. Entertainment and Home Audio - connected TVs, Blu-ray players, streaming media players and home audio “From security cameras to robotic vacuums and wireless sound systems, it’s now possible to control your entire home at the touch of a button,” commented Xavier Garambois, Vice President of EU Retail at Amazon. “Customers can even ensure their house is the perfect temperature and their favourite song is playing as they walk through the front door. With fast delivery direct to home or work, it’s never been easier to bring the future into your home.” “The Home Automation Store has been designed to help customers make their lives as simple and comfortable as possible, whether it’s a robotic lawnmower to smarten up the garden while you’re on holiday or an intelligent light bulb that gradually brightens to wake you up in the morning. Smart home products can even help save money through clever energy management,” said James Bate, Home Improvement Store Manager at Amazon.co.uk Ltd. “The focus isn’t just on products, however, but also assisting customers in navigating home technology with expert buying guides and reviews from fellow customers.” There have been major advancements in the last few years in home automation and new products are being introduced every day. Keeping up with the home automation trends and integrating these products into everyday life is easy with the Amazon.co.uk Home Automation Store, featuring helpful videos and buying guides to help customers find the best products to suit their lifestyle. Hundreds of products are eligible for fast delivery via all of Amazon’s delivery options including Amazon Prime and customers also benefit from detailed product information, images, customer reviews, bestsellers and the latest expert recommendations. For further information please contact: Amazon.co.uk Ltd Press Office Email: pressoffice@amazon.co.uk Tel: 0208 636 9280 About Amazon.co.uk Amazon.co.uk opened its virtual doors in October 1998 and strives to be Earth’s most customer-centric company, where customers can find and discover anything they might want to buy online, and endeavours to offer its customers the lowest possible prices. Amazon.co.uk and other sellers offer millions of new, refurbished and used items in categories such as Baby, Books, Car & Motorbike, Clothing, DIY & Tools, DVD, Electronics & Photo, Grocery, Health & Beauty, Home & Garden, Jewellery, MP3, Music, Musical Instruments & DJ, Office, PC, Pet Supplies, Shoes, Software, Sports & Leisure, Toys & Games, Video Games and Watches. Kindle is the world's bestselling e-reader family and Kindle Paperwhite is our most advanced e-reader. It features new display technology with higher contrast, the next generation built-in light, a faster processor, the latest touch technology, and exclusive new features designed from the ground up for readers. Kindle, the lightest and smallest Kindle, features improved fonts and faster page turns. The new Kindle Fire HDX features a stunning exclusive 7" or 8.9" HDX display, a quad-core 2.2 GHz processor, 2x more memory, and 11 hours of battery life, as well as exclusive new features of Fire OS 3.0. The all-new Kindle Fire HD includes an HD display, high-performance processor and dual speakers at a breakthrough price. Amazon Web Services provides Amazon's developer customers with access to in-the-cloud infrastructure services based on Amazon's own back-end technology platform, which developers can use to enable virtually any type of business. Amazon.co.uk is a trading name for Amazon EU S.à.r.l, Amazon Services Europe S.à.r.l and Amazon Media EU S.à.r.l. All three are wholly owned subsidiaries of global online retailer Amazon.com, Inc (NASDAQ:AMZN), located in Seattle, Washington. Amazon and its affiliates operate websites, including http://www.amazon.com/, http://www.amazon.co.uk/, http://www.amazon.de/, http://www.amazon.co.jp/, http://www.amazon.fr/, http://www.amazon.ca/, http://www.amazon.cn/, http://www.amazon.it/, http://www.amazon.es/, http://www.amazon.com.br/, http://www.amazon.in/, and http://www.amazon.com.mx/. As used herein, “Amazon.com,” “we,” “our” and similar terms include Amazon.com, Inc., and its subsidiaries, unless the context indicates otherwise. Forward-Looking Statements This announcement contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Actual results may differ significantly from management's expectations. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that include, among others, risks related to competition, management of growth, new products, services and technologies, potential fluctuations in operating results, international expansion, outcomes of legal proceedings and claims, fulfillment center optimization, seasonality, commercial agreements, acquisitions and strategic transactions, foreign exchange rates, system interruption, inventory, government regulation and taxation, payments and fraud. More information about factors that potentially could affect Amazon.com's financial results is included in Amazon.com's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including its most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent filings.
