Third season of the popular Victorian crime drama commences filming in Manchester today, the first time filming for the show has taken place in the UK The complete first season of Ripper Street is available for unlimited streaming on Amazon Prime Instant Video now, with season 2 launching on 2nd June London, 22nd May 2014: The cast of critically-acclaimed British crime drama Ripper Street, which is produced by Tiger Aspect Productions and Lookout Point and now available exclusively on Amazon Prime Instant Video, were back on set this morning in Manchester to start filming the highly anticipated third series of the hit show. The series is filming in the UK for the first time, first in Manchester, then Loughborough, before moving to its traditional production base in Dublin, Ireland, where previous filming locations have included the former Clancy Barracks beside Clancy Quay and Trinity College. Matthew Macfadyen, Jerome Flynn and Adam Rothenberg are reprising their roles as Victorian crime-fighter Detective Inspector Edmund Reid, Detective Sergeant Bennet Drake and Captain Homer Jackson. The show is welcoming back MyAnna Buring as Long Susan and a whole host of newcomers to the new instalment of the popular drama. “Today marks the start of a new journey for both Amazon Prime Instant Video and Ripper Street” said Tim Leslie, Vice President of Amazon Instant Video in the UK. “We are committed to providing our customers with best-in-class film and TV, and with critically acclaimed acting and gripping storylines, Ripper Street is just that. The third instalment of the show is set to be grittier and more exciting than ever and we can’t wait to bring it to our customers first this autumn.” "I'm delighted and excited to be back for a third series of Ripper,” said Matthew MacFadyen, who reprises his role as Edmund Reid. “Thank you to Amazon, thank you to our fans who wanted more, and thank you to our wonderful writers and producers for giving us the most thoroughly brilliant, gripping and heart-rending episodes." “It's a day many of us thought we'd never see, but it is particularly wonderful to be able to say that cameras are rolling on Ripper Street once more,” said Richard Warlow, Ripper Street writer and creator. “I am so grateful to Amazon Prime Instant Video, the BBC, BBC Worldwide, Lookout Point and Tiger Aspect for all their tireless efforts to make this extraordinary deal possible and for allowing these eight new stories to be told." “Richard’s creative vision for the third series was always too good not to make,” Will Gould, Tiger Aspect’s Head of Drama and Ripper Street’s Executive Producer added. “Thankfully, against the odds, we’re making it. I’m grateful to him for his wonderful scripts, and to all our fabulous cast for returning for what is certain to be an epic year in Whitechapel.” In February 2014, Amazon Prime Instant Video stepped in to save the show after legions of Ripper Street fans petitioned for its return. Amazon has commissioned from the producers, Tiger Aspect Productions and Lookout Point, a third series and the brand new episodes, filmed this summer, will be made available exclusively to Amazon Prime Instant Video members in the autumn. The series will continue to be co-produced in the US by BBC America and will screen on BBC1 a few months after it is available on Amazon in the UK. It will be distributed globally by BBC Worldwide. The news that filming has begun signals Amazon’s commitment to the production of one of last year’s most highly regarded series which is sure to delight Ripper Street’s huge global fan base. "Producing this new series with Amazon and BBC working together is an exciting industry first,” said Lookout Point's Simon Vaughan. “We believe that the combined reach and marketing power of these two partners working together will bring the series to a wider audience than ever." Season one of Ripper Street is available to stream in full, exclusively on Amazon Prime Instant Video now, with season 2 set to launch on the service on 2nd June. Fans can try Amazon Prime Instant Video free for 30 days by signing up at www.amazon.co.uk/prime. For more information about Prime Instant Video, visit www.amazon.co.uk/PIV. -Ends- For more information and images from the first day of filming please contact the Amazon Prime Instant Video press office at Mischief PR on 0203 128 6600 or PrimeInstantVideo@mischiefpr.com -Notes to Editors- About Prime Instant Video Amazon Prime now offers members unlimited One-Day Delivery on over 7 million items, access to 500,000 Kindle books to borrow and unlimited streaming of more than 15,000 popular movies and TV episodes through Prime Instant Video. Prime Instant Video is the UK’s largest movie and TV subscription steaming service, offering customers unlimited streaming of more than 15,000 popular movies and TV episodes. Amazon has increased investment in exclusive content and original programming only available through Prime and members have unlimited access to many movies and TV shows exclusive to Amazon and original TV created through Amazon Studios. For more information about Amazon Prime, visit www.amazon.co.uk/prime.  For more information about Prime Instant Video, visit www.amazon.co.uk/PIV. About Amazon.co.uk Amazon.co.uk opened its virtual doors in October 1998 and strives to be Earth’s most customer-centric company, where customers can find and discover anything they might want to buy online, and endeavours to offer its customers the lowest possible prices. Amazon.co.uk and other sellers offer millions of new, refurbished and used items in categories such as Baby, Books, Car & Motorbike, Clothing, DIY & Tools, DVD, Electronics & Photo, Grocery, Health & Beauty, Home & Garden, Jewellery, MP3, Music, Musical Instruments & DJ, Office, PC, Pet Supplies, Shoes, Software, Sports & Leisure, Toys & Games, Video Games and Watches. Kindle Paperwhite is our most-advanced e-reader ever with 62% more pixels and 25% increased contrast, a patented built-in front light for reading in all lighting conditions, extra-long battery life, and a thin and light design.  The new latest generation Kindle, the lightest and smallest Kindle, now features new, improved fonts and faster page turns. Kindle Fire HD is our most-advanced tablet, with a stunning customised high-definition display, exclusive Dolby audio with dual stereo speakers, high-end laptop-grade Wi-Fi with dual-band support and dual antennas/MIMO, enough storage for HD content, and the latest generation processor and graphics engine. The all-new Kindle Fire features a faster processor for 40% faster performance, twice the memory, and longer battery life. Amazon Web Services provides Amazon's developer customers with access to in-the-cloud infrastructure services based on Amazon's own back-end technology platform, which developers can use to enable virtually any type of business. Amazon.co.uk is a trading name for Amazon EU S.à.r.l, Amazon Services Europe S.à.r.l and Amazon Media EU S.à.r.l. Prime Instant Video / Amazon Instant Video are trading names of Lovefilm UK Ltd. All are wholly owned subsidiaries of global online retailer Amazon.com, Inc (NASDAQ:AMZN), located in Seattle, Washington. Amazon and its affiliates operate websites, including www.amazon.com, www.amazon.co.uk, www.amazon.de, www.amazon.co.jp, www.amazon.fr, www.amazon.ca, www.amazon.cn, www.amazon.it, www.amazon.es and www.amazon.com.br. As used herein, “Amazon.com,” “we,” “our” and similar terms include Amazon.com, Inc., and its subsidiaries, unless the context indicates otherwise. Forward-Looking Statements This announcement contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Actual results may differ significantly from management's expectations. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that include, among others, risks related to competition, management of growth, new products, services and technologies, potential fluctuations in operating results, international expansion, outcomes of legal proceedings and claims, fulfillment center optimization, seasonality, commercial agreements, acquisitions and strategic transactions, foreign exchange rates, system interruption, inventory, government regulation and taxation, payments and fraud. More information about factors that potentially could affect Amazon.com's financial results is included in Amazon.com's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including its most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent filings. Amazon Web Services provides Amazon's developer customers with access to in-the-cloud infrastructure services based on Amazon's own back-end technology platform, which developers can use to enable virtually any type of business. Amazon.co.uk is a trading name for Amazon EU S.a.r.l, Amazon Services Europe S.a.r.l and Amazon Media EU S.a.r.l. All three are wholly owned subsidiaries of global online retailer Amazon.com, Inc (NASDAQ:AMZN), located in Seattle, Washington. Amazon and its affiliates operate websites, including www.amazon.com, www.amazon.co.uk, www.amazon.de, www.amazon.co.jp, www.amazon.fr, www.amazon.ca, www.amazon.cn, www.amazon.it, and www.amazon.es. As used herein, “Amazon.com,” “we,” “our” and similar terms include Amazon.com, Inc., and its subsidiaries, unless the context indicates otherwise.
