Thousands of new season on trend dresses from popular fashion brands including Hoss Intropia, Tommy Hilfiger and French Connection Luxembourg, 12 May 2014: Amazon.co.uk has unveiled a new Dress Store at www.amazon.co.uk/dresses featuring thousands of dresses from brands including Cacharel, Tommy Hilfiger, French Connection, BCBGMAXAZRIA, Great Plains, Yumi, Adrianna Papell, Lipsy, and Hoss Intropia. “Fashion is one of the fastest growing categories at Amazon.co.uk,” said Sergio Bucher, European Vice President of Amazon Fashion. “Our new Dress Store features a hand selected seasonal edit to help our customers easily find the latest on-trend products, whilst also being able to browse a wide selection of shoes, jewellery, bags, and accessories to complete their outfit. Our aim is to make Amazon the best place to buy fashion online and we will continue to evolve our offering for the benefit of our fashion conscious customers.” Customers buying fashion products sold by Amazon.co.uk can enjoy free UK delivery on orders over £10 and free returns, as well as next day delivery for Prime members. Exclusive pieces in the new Amazon.co.uk Dress Store include a stunning embellished drop waist cocktail dress from Frock & Frill priced at £125. The Amazon.co.uk Dress Store includes styles ranging from maxi to midi, formal to beach. Customers can refine their search by brand, price, colour, and style and can watch videos of selected dresses being worn by models for an enhanced shopping experience. -Ends-   For more information please contact Katie Keenan at the Amazon Press Office, kkeenan@amazon.co.uk   About Amazon.co.uk Amazon.co.uk opened its virtual doors in October 1998 and strives to be Earth’s most customer-centric company, where customers can find and discover anything they might want to buy online, and endeavours to offer its customers the lowest possible prices. Amazon.co.uk and other sellers offer millions of new, refurbished and used items in categories such as Baby, Books, Car & Motorbike, Clothing, DIY & Tools, DVD, Electronics & Photo, Grocery, Health & Beauty, Home & Garden, Jewellery, MP3, Music, Musical Instruments & DJ, Office, PC, Pet Supplies, Shoes, Software, Sports & Leisure, Toys & Games, Video Games and Watches. Kindle is the world's bestselling e-reader family and Kindle Paperwhite is our most advanced e-reader. It features new display technology with higher contrast, the next generation built-in light, a faster processor, the latest touch technology, and exclusive new features designed from the ground up for readers. Kindle, the lightest and smallest Kindle, features improved fonts and faster page turns. The new Kindle Fire HDX features a stunning exclusive 7" or 8.9" HDX display, a quad-core 2.2 GHz processor, 2x more memory, and 11 hours of battery life, as well as exclusive new features of Fire OS 3.0. The all-new Kindle Fire HD includes an HD display, high-performance processor and dual speakers at a breakthrough price. Amazon Web Services provides Amazon's developer customers with access to in-the-cloud infrastructure services based on Amazon's own back-end technology platform, which developers can use to enable virtually any type of business. Amazon.co.uk is a trading name for Amazon EU S.à.r.l, Amazon Services Europe S.à.r.l and Amazon Media EU S.à.r.l. All three are wholly owned subsidiaries of global online retailer Amazon.com, Inc (NASDAQ:AMZN), located in Seattle, Washington. Amazon and its affiliates operate websites, including www.amazon.com, www.amazon.co.uk, www.amazon.de, www.amazon.co.jp, www.amazon.fr, www.amazon.ca, www.amazon.cn, www.amazon.it, www.amazon.es, www.amazon.com.br, www.amazon.in, and www.amazon.com.mx. As used herein, “Amazon.com,” “we,” “our” and similar terms include Amazon.com, Inc., and its subsidiaries, unless the context indicates otherwise. Forward-Looking Statements This announcement contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Actual results may differ significantly from management's expectations. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that include, among others, risks related to competition, management of growth, new products, services and technologies, potential fluctuations in operating results, international expansion, outcomes of legal proceedings and claims, fulfillment centre optimization, seasonality, commercial agreements, acquisitions and strategic transactions, foreign exchange rates, system interruption, inventory, government regulation and taxation, payments and fraud. More information about factors that potentially could affect Amazon.com's financial results is included in Amazon.com's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including its most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent filings.
