Slough – 13th October, 2014 – Amazon has today announced that it will create 1,000 new permanent roles at its UK fulfilment centres in the coming months. There are currently 6,000 permanent employees in Amazon fulfilment and customer service centres in the UK. “Over the past two years, we have added well in excess of 2,000 new employees to our workforce and we are delighted to be able to add a further 1,000 to that number over the coming months,” said John Tagawa, Director of UK Operations at Amazon. “We have continued to focus day in, day out on providing the very best shopping experience for our customers and as we see greater demand, we are able to rapidly grow our talented team across the UK.” Amazon has invested over £1 billion in its UK Operations to date which includes eight large fulfilment centres. Amazon has also continued to implement new programmes and ways of working for the benefit of its entire workforce: Associates now work four ten-hour shifts per week meaning they benefit from three days off every week. Fewer visits to work saves associates both time and money on a weekly basis. Amazon introduced the Amazon Career Choice Programme, an innovative new education programme which pre-pays 95% of tuition and associated fees for permanent employees to undertake nationally recognised courses. Permanent associates start on an average of £7.39 per hour and earn up to £8.90 per hour after 24 months. In addition, after one year all permanent associates receive stock grants which over the past five years have added an average of 12% to base pay annually. Other benefits for permanent employees include private medical insurance, a company pension plan, life assurance, income protection and an employee discount. Customers have also continued to benefit from delivery innovations and new services. Just this year, Sunday delivery has been made available in seven cities; more than a million products in Amazon’s European fulfilment centres outside the UK have been made available for Two-Day delivery to the UK; and Amazon’s network of Pick-Up Locations has continued to expand including new Amazon Lockers in tube stations and Birmingham Airport. Further information about working at Amazon can be found at www.amazon-operations.co.uk/fcpractices -Ends- For further information please contact: Amazon.co.uk Ltd Press Office Email: pressoffice@amazon.co.uk Tel: 0208 636 9280 Notes to editors: Amazon.co.uk offers a range of convenient delivery options including Amazon Prime which gives customers unlimited One-Day Delivery on millions of eligible items for an annual fee of just £79. Amazon.co.uk also now offers Evening Delivery (same-day) in 19 cities across the UK. Amazon has eight fulfilment centres across the UK in Doncaster, Dunfermline, Gourock, Hemel Hempstead, Milton Keynes, Peterborough, Rugeley and Swansea Bay. About Amazon Amazon.com opened on the World Wide Web in July 1995. The company is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalised recommendations, Prime, Fulfilment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire phone, Fire tablets, and Fire TV are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon.
