Amazons Coins, available since November 2013, will now be available for the Amazon.co.uk Appstore on Android devices Customers’ Coins balances automatically transfer to their Android device to spend on over 100,000 apps and games in the Amazon Appstore Luxembourg—February 19, 2014—Amazon today announced that customers shopping on Amazon.co.uk, Amazon.com and Amazon.de can now buy and spend Amazon Coins on their Android phones and tablets. Previously available for use exclusively on Kindle Fire tablets, Amazon Coins can now be used to buy apps like Monopoly, purchase extra lives within Candy Crush, or unlock Red’s amazing Super Roaster in Angry Birds GO directly from their Android device. Customers simply need to download the latest version of the Amazon Appstore and their existing Coins balances automatically appear. Existing Android customers can upgrade to the latest version of the Amazon Appstore on their mobile device by visiting www.amazon.co.uk/appstoreupdate and new customers can download the Amazon Appstore on their mobile device by visiting www.amazon.co.uk/appstore. “Since the launch of Amazon Coins, we’ve been amazed by the number of customers using Coins, as well as how many Coins they’re spending on apps and games,” said Mike George, Vice President, Amazon Appstore and Games. “Because customers can buy Coins at up to a 10% discount, they love the extra value they get when shopping in our Appstore.” Here’s what customers have to say about Amazon Coins: “Amazon Coins are such a simple, easy idea I’m excited for the future of it. Plus with the money you save it’s a no brainer.” – Dan, Amazon Coins customer “My daughter and I both have the Kindle Fire HD and the Coins are a great way for us to stay on a budget. At the beginning of the month we each buy our Coins for the month.” – Devon, Amazon Coins customer “Very good deal on Coins, I got at least 1 game paid for by Amazon and my money’s worth! Love Amazon and my Kindle.” – Nikki, Amazon Coins customer Amazon Appstore developers will continue to earn their standard 70% revenue share when customers make purchases using Amazon Coins. Expanding Amazon Coins across Android devices is the latest offering in an array of services that make Amazon the most complete end-to-end ecosystem for developers building, monetising and marketing their apps and games. These capabilities include: The ability for app developers to use Amazon Web Services’ (AWS) technology platform for their infrastructure needs. Building blocks such as Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2), Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3), and Amazon DynamoDB allow developers to focus on what differentiates their app rather than the undifferentiated heavy lifting of infrastructure. In-App Purchasing on Kindle Fire, Android, Mac, PC and web-based games. This enables developers to offer their digital items in apps and games while allowing end users to simply use their Amazon accounts to make the purchase. HTML5/Web App Resources enables developers to distribute and sell web apps on Kindle Fire and select Android devices in nearly 200 countries across the globe. GameCircle which includes capabilities like Achievements, Leaderboards, Friends and Whispersync for syncing games across iOS and Android, including Kindle Fire, and leads to better engagement with games. A/B Testing enables developers to simultaneously test up to five different in-app experiences with a portion of their customers, evaluate performance, and roll out changes to everyone without having to republish their app. Analytics provides usage metrics on daily and monthly active devices, sessions, retention, and in-app purchase revenue. When using this service, developers can quickly assess how, for example, launch day is going or how a new feature might be affecting retention.   -Ends- Amazon.co.uk Ltd Press Office: For more information please contact the Amazon.co.uk Ltd Press Office on 0208 636 9280 or email pressoffice@amazon.co.uk. About Amazon.co.uk Amazon.co.uk opened its virtual doors in October 1998 and strives to be Earth’s most customer-centric company, where customers can find and discover anything they might want to buy online, and endeavours to offer its customers the lowest possible prices. Amazon.co.uk and other sellers offer millions of new, refurbished and used items in categories such as Baby, Books, Car & Motorbike, Clothing, DIY & Tools, DVD, Electronics & Photo, Grocery, Health & Beauty, Home & Garden, Jewellery, MP3, Music, Musical Instruments & DJ, Office, PC, Pet Supplies, Shoes, Software, Sports & Leisure, Toys & Games, Video Games and Watches. Kindle is the world's bestselling e-reader family and Kindle Paperwhite is our most advanced e-reader. It features new display technology with higher contrast, the next generation built-in light, a faster processor, the latest touch technology, and exclusive new features designed from the ground up for readers. Kindle, the lightest and smallest Kindle, features improved fonts and faster page turns. The new Kindle Fire HDX features a stunning exclusive 7" or 8.9" HDX display, a quad-core 2.2 GHz processor, 2x more memory, and 11 hours of battery life, as well as exclusive new features of Fire OS 3.0. The all-new Kindle Fire HD includes an HD display, high-performance processor and dual speakers at a breakthrough price. Amazon Web Services provides Amazon's developer customers with access to in-the-cloud infrastructure services based on Amazon's own back-end technology platform, which developers can use to enable virtually any type of business. Amazon.co.uk is a trading name for Amazon EU S.à.r.l, Amazon Services Europe S.à.r.l and Amazon Media EU S.à.r.l. All three are wholly owned subsidiaries of global online retailer Amazon.com, Inc (NASDAQ:AMZN), located in Seattle, Washington. Amazon and its affiliates operate websites, including http://www.amazon.com/, http://www.amazon.co.uk/, http://www.amazon.de/, http://www.amazon.co.jp/, http://www.amazon.fr/, http://www.amazon.ca/, http://www.amazon.cn/, http://www.amazon.it/, http://www.amazon.es/, http://www.amazon.com.br/, http://www.amazon.in/, and http://www.amazon.com.mx/. As used herein, “Amazon.com,” “we,” “our” and similar terms include Amazon.com, Inc., and its subsidiaries, unless the context indicates otherwise. Forward-Looking Statements This announcement contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Actual results may differ significantly from management's expectations. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that include, among others, risks related to competition, management of growth, new products, services and technologies, potential fluctuations in operating results, international expansion, outcomes of legal proceedings and claims, fulfillment center optimization, seasonality, commercial agreements, acquisitions and strategic transactions, foreign exchange rates, system interruption, inventory, government regulation and taxation, payments and fraud. More information about factors that potentially could affect Amazon.com's financial results is included in Amazon.com's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including its most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent filings.
