Luxembourg, 9th January, 2014 – Amazon.co.uk today announced the launch of the Men’s Grooming Store, a one-stop shop of thousands of grooming products from shaving and skin care to hair care and fragrance, just for men. The store launches with 20 well-known and cult favourite grooming brands, ranging from the high-end niche Gentlemen’s Tonic, Ahava Men and Kyoku to everyday essentials including Nivea for Men, Scaramouche & Fandango and Dove Men+Care. Searchable by item type, the Men’s Grooming Store also offers customer reviews, bestsellers lists and edited selections to help customers explore new products. Catering to specific grooming concerns, the store features a ‘Problem Solvers’ section offering solutions to everyday issues such as soothing dry skin and preventing razor burn. “From stocking up on razor blades to indulging in a new aftershave, men now have the convenience of being able to order their grooming products from the comfort of the sofa or whilst out and about on their smartphone or tablet,” commented Xavier Garambois, Vice President of EU Retail at Amazon. “With delivery direct to home or work, keeping up appearances has never been easier for the modern British gentleman.” “The Men’s Grooming Store is a destination for men to find the products they need and discover new brands,” said Stelios Zarras, Men’s Grooming Manager at Amazon.co.uk Ltd. “From the feedback we’ve received from our customers, the focus isn’t just on products but also assisting men in identifying the right grooming regime with expert advice provided in a man-friendly environment.” Customers shopping the Men’s Grooming Store will find thousands of products in the following categories: Shave: Manual and electric razors, groomers and trimmers, shave creams and gels and aftershave and more Skin Care: Cleansers, moisturisers, eye creams and more Bath & Body: Cologne, deodorant, body lotion, shower gel and more Hair Care: Shampoo, conditioner, styling products, hair loss products and more  Oral Care: Electric toothbrushes and flossers, mouthwash and sprays, whiteners and more Kits & Gift Sets:  Starter kits and gift sets from top brands As a special introductory offer, Amazon.co.uk will be offering up to 50% off selected men’s electric shavers and from 9th January to 8th February 2014, 30% off the entire Dove Men+Care range. The Male Grooming Store at Amazon.co.uk launches with the following brands: Ahava Men, Bulldog, Gentlemen’s Tonic, The Real Shaving Company, ManCave, Men Rock, Scaramouche & Fandango, Kyoku, sShave, Nivea For Men, Dove Men+Care, Philips, Braun, Gillette, Panasonic, Philips Sonicare, Korres Men, Billy Jealousy, Recipe for Men and Rehab London. A wide selection of items will be available for FREE Super Saver Delivery, One-Day Delivery with Amazon Prime and Subscribe & Save. For more information, visit http://www.amazon.co.uk/mensgrooming -Ends- For further information and images, please contact The Red Consultancy: T: 0207 025 6603 E: amazonteam@redconsultancy.com About Amazon.co.uk Amazon.co.uk opened its virtual doors in October 1998 and strives to be Earth’s most customer-centric company, where customers can find and discover anything they might want to buy online, and endeavours to offer its customers the lowest possible prices. Amazon.co.uk and other sellers offer millions of new, refurbished and used items in categories such as Baby, Books, Car & Motorbike, Clothing, DIY & Tools, DVD, Electronics & Photo, Grocery, Health & Beauty, Home & Garden, Jewellery, MP3, Music, Musical Instruments & DJ, Office, PC, Pet Supplies, Shoes, Software, Sports & Leisure, Toys & Games, Video Games and Watches. Kindle is the world's bestselling e-reader family and Kindle Paperwhite is our most advanced e-reader. It features new display technology with higher contrast, the next generation built-in light, a faster processor, the latest touch technology, and exclusive new features designed from the ground up for readers. Kindle, the lightest and smallest Kindle, features improved fonts and faster page turns. The new Kindle Fire HDX features a stunning exclusive 7" or 8.9" HDX display, a quad-core 2.2 GHz processor, 2x more memory, and 11 hours of battery life, as well as exclusive new features of Fire OS 3.0. The all-new Kindle Fire HD includes an HD display, high-performance processor and dual speakers at a breakthrough price. Amazon Web Services provides Amazon's developer customers with access to in-the-cloud infrastructure services based on Amazon's own back-end technology platform, which developers can use to enable virtually any type of business. Amazon.co.uk is a trading name for Amazon EU S.à.r.l, Amazon Services Europe S.à.r.l and Amazon Media EU S.à.r.l. All three are wholly owned subsidiaries of global online retailer Amazon.com, Inc (NASDAQ:AMZN), located in Seattle, Washington. Amazon and its affiliates operate websites, including www.amazon.com, www.amazon.co.uk, www.amazon.de, www.amazon.co.jp, www.amazon.fr, www.amazon.ca, www.amazon.cn, www.amazon.it, www.amazon.es, www.amazon.com.br, www.amazon.in, and www.amazon.com.mx. As used herein, “Amazon.com,” “we,” “our” and similar terms include Amazon.com, Inc., and its subsidiaries, unless the context indicates otherwise. Forward-Looking Statements This announcement contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Actual results may differ significantly from management's expectations. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that include, among others, risks related to competition, management of growth, new products, services and technologies, potential fluctuations in operating results, international expansion, outcomes of legal proceedings and claims, fulfillment center optimization, seasonality, commercial agreements, acquisitions and strategic transactions, foreign exchange rates, system interruption, inventory, government regulation and taxation, payments and fraud. More information about factors that potentially could affect Amazon.com's financial results is included in Amazon.com's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including its most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent filings.
