New Kindle Voyage is the thinnest, most advanced Kindle ever, with our brightest, highest resolution, and highest contrast display, plus reimagined page turns New Fire HDX 8.9 is Amazon’s most advanced tablet ever – 339 pixels per inch, 70% faster graphics and still startlingly light Both new devices available from Amazon.co.uk now LUXEMBOURG—Nov 4, 2014—Amazon today announced that the new Kindle Voyage, the most advanced Kindle ever, and the Fire HDX 8.9, Amazon’s most powerful tablet ever, have started shipping to customers in the UK. The two new devices form part of Amazon’s biggest ever device range, which offers incredible choice for customers who want to read, create, play games, or enjoy the latest TV shows and movies—whether at home or on the move. “Kindle Voyage and Fire HDX 8.9 are leading edge devices that our customers are going to love,” said Jorrit Van der Meulen, VP Amazon Devices, EU. “Kindle Voyage is our best Kindle yet, providing an unmatched reading experience that helps you truly lose yourself in a story. With Fire HDX, our team has packed an incredible amount of technology into a startlingly light design, combining an incredible display with faster graphics and powerful audio to provide performance that’s up there with the very best. We think both these devices are going to be very popular with our customers this Christmas.” The early reviews are in: “…Kindle Voyage is instantly the best e-reader ever made.” – Metro “I have to say that in my early days of use with the Voyage, I'm already loathe to give it up.” – TechRadar.com “…Kindle Voyage adds a touch of class, with a 7.6mm thin body, a high resolution display and a sensor that automatically adjusts the backlight to match the conditions. The glare-eliminating micro-etching on the glass screen even makes it feel like paper.” – Sport maagzine “The Amazon Kindle Voyage is leading the way and if you thought it was just a Paperwhite by a different name, think again. It's possibly the best looking eBook reader we've ever used.” –Pocket-lint “Kindle Voyage is the best e-reader Amazon has ever created—it’s got a better screen than ever…” – Press Association “The Fire HDX 8.9's sharp screen is still one of the best in its category and it displays sharp details with lifelike colours.” – CNET “The screen on the HDX 8.9 is phenomenal, which only makes you want to watch movies and TV on it.” – Slashgear “Fire HDX 8.9 is a great tablet at an even greater price.” – Mashable Kindle Voyage is available from £169 at www.amazon.co.uk/kindle-voyage, and customers can also add the newly designed origami-style case. The new case is inspired by the best-selling Origami case for Fire tablets, and provides a stand for both portrait and landscape positions. Origami cases attach magnetically so they are easy to take on and off, and automatically turn your Kindle Voyage on and off when you open and close the case. The case is available starting at £39.99 – learn more at www.amazon.co.uk/kindle-origami. Fire HDX 8.9 is available from £329, and customers can order from www.amazon.co.uk/hdx. A new Origami case, also available today for £49.99, is 20% lighter than the previous generation and attaches magnetically so it’s easy to take on and off. Customers can also get the new Fire Keyboard—a slim, light and fully featured keyboard, complete with trackpad, which connects via Bluetooth and attaches to the Origami case magnetically. Fire Keyboard is available for £54.99—learn more at www.amazon.co.uk/keyboard. Full resolution images of Kindle Voyage and Fire HDX are available at www.amazon.co.uk/pr ### For further information please contact: Amazon.co.uk Ltd Press Office Phone: 0208 636 9280 Email: pressoffice@amazon.co.uk Or visit www.amazon.co.uk/pr. About Amazon Amazon.com opened on the World Wide Web in July 1995. The company is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire phone, Fire tablets, and Fire TV are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon.
