Amazon.co.uk announces the bestselling children’s toys of all time, and unwraps its top picks for this Christmas Luxembourg, 3rd November 2014: With just 52 days to go until Christmas, Amazon.co.uk reveals the top ten bestselling toys and games of all time. From more than two million products available at the Toys and Games Store, the word game Bananagrams is the most successful toy of all time on Amazon.co.uk, proving even more popular than enduring family favourites such as Monopoly and Scrabble. The Toys and Games Store at Amazon.co.uk has also released the top ten toys expected to feature on children’s wish lists for Christmas 2014. As well as technology designed to encourage learning and active play, modern versions of classic toys including LEGO and Barbie, also make the must-have list. The top ten bestselling children’s toys of all time on Amazon.co.uk: The top ten children’s toys for Christmas 2014 (in alphabetical order): Bananagrams Game Barbie Endless Curls Doll TOMY Pop-Up Pirate Disney Frozen Ice Skating Elsa & Anna Dolls Orchard Toys Shopping List Girl Tech Password Journal 8 Medical Carrycase In The Night Garden Ninky Nonk Musical Activity Train Monopoly KidiZoom Smart Watch Scrabble Leapfrog Leap TV Insect Lore Butterfly Garden LEGO Star Wars Pass the Pigs My Friend Cayla Original Rubik’s Cube   Minecraft Diamond Steve Action Figure Brainbox – The World Syma S107 Indoor Helicopter “The bestselling toys and games of all time give a great insight into what products have captured the imagination of kids of all ages,” said Xavier Garambois, Vice President of EU Retail at Amazon. “From the Rubik’s Cube challenge to the family fun of Bananagrams, these classic gifts have won over generation after generation.” “Last Christmas, children up and down the nation unwrapped flying helicopters, LEGO sets and the 2013 version of Monopoly,” said Victoria Nelson, Toys and Games Manager at Amazon.co.uk Ltd. “This year, there’s a host of brand new innovative gadgets to get excited about as well as more traditional toys and games which will always have a place under the Christmas tree.” “Historically, boardgames have always been a joy for children, as it means they can share the fun with friends or siblings,” Esther Lutman, Assistant Curator at the Museum of Childhood comments. “Film and superhero merchandise are usually big trends for Christmas too, which started with Star Wars in the late 1970s and now sees Frozen set to dominate wish lists this year.”   Find a range of toys and games for kids of all ages with the Christmas Gift Guide at the Toys & Games Store on Amazon.co.uk. -Ends –   For further information, interviews, or product imagery please contact: Hazel Beevers at Unity T: 020 7440 9810 E: amazon@hellounity.com Notes to editors: •The top ten of all time list is based on unit sales since the Amazon.co.uk Toys & Games Store launched in 2000 •Amazon, the Amazon logo and Amazon.co.uk are registered trademarks of Amazon EU SARL or its affiliates About Amazon.co.uk For further information please contact: Amazon.co.uk Ltd Press Office Email: pressoffice@amazon.co.uk Tel: 0208 636 9280 About Amazon Amazon.com opened on the World Wide Web in July 1995. The company is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire phone, Fire tablets, and Fire TV are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon.
