Fashion Brand AllSaints Experiences 34% Uplift in Online Conversion Rate with Login and Pay with Amazon Luxembourg – September 16, 2014 – (NASDAQ: AMZN) Amazon Payments Europe S.C.A. (“Amazon Payments”) today announced Login and Pay with Amazon is now available in Europe. The service allows customers to go from browsing to buying in just a few clicks by using their Amazon account information, eliminating the friction associated with creating an account and completing a purchase on third party sites. “Login and Pay with Amazon provides a fast, convenient and secure purchasing experience and we are excited to introduce the service to our European customers,” said Annemarie Jung, Director External Payments Europe, Amazon Payments Europe S.C.A. “With Login and Pay with Amazon, businesses in Europe can now streamline the customer account creation and payment process on their website with the backing of a brand consumers know and trust.” According to a survey conducted by Redshift Research, 61% of consumers said they would be likely to abandon their basket if the payment process took longer than 10 minutes, compared with 27% if it took over five minutes. Over half of respondents said the optimum time for completing an online transaction was under two minutes[1]. Since AllSaints, the iconic British brand with an international following, made Login and Pay with Amazon available on its website, the company has seen: A reduction in the time it takes a customer to check out by approximately 1 minute and 10 seconds Within the first few days of being live, 24% of all online sales were made via Login and Pay with Amazon Increased online conversion rates of 34% In the UK specifically, 15% higher average online order value vs. other alternative methods/wallets “By implementing Login and Pay with Amazon, AllSaints has experienced a 34% uplift in online check out conversion in the US alone,” said James Wintle, global director of technology, AllSaints. ”Additionally, we continue to hear positive feedback from our customers who appreciate the speed, convenience and added security that Login and Pay with Amazon provides. We look forward to continuing our work with Amazon Payments as we address customer pain points and improve the overall online customer experience.” In addition to AllSaints, other sellers currently providing the Login and Pay with Amazon service include SECRETSALES.com, Moss Bros’, printed.com, Overclockers UK, FulhamBrassOnline, Paddock Spares in the UK and engelhorn, Babyartikel, Moebelisten, Klimaworld & Hirschel-Cosmetic in Germany. ----------------------------- [1] Redshift Research LTD, 2014, survey of 3000 consumers in the UK and Germany About Login and Pay with Amazon Login and Pay with Amazon works seamlessly on tablet, mobile, and desktop devices. Online merchants get simple, low pricing for payment services and fraud protection from Amazon Payments at no extra fee. Amazon Payments does not share the customers’ credit card information, and eligible purchases are covered by Amazon’s A-to-z Guarantee, offering buyers the same transaction protection they receive when purchasing products on Amazon.co.uk/de. Developers can implement Login and Pay with Amazon with existing websites using a set of widgets and APIs to embed on the site and integrate with back-end systems. Login and Pay with Amazon uses the OAuth 2.0 protocol, which has been broadly adopted for user-authorized exchanges across sites. To learn more, go to payments.amazon.co.uk /de. In the European Economic Area Pay with Amazon is provided by Amazon Payments Europe S.C.A. (société en commandite par actions), partnership limited by shares, a company registered in Luxembourg, Registration Number (RCS Luxembourg) B 153 265, with its corporate office at 5 Rue Plaetis, L-2338 Luxembourg. VAT Number LU 24448288. Amazon Payments Europe S.C.A. is authorised by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier as an Electronic Money Issuer (licence number 36/10). Payments.amazon.co.uk and Amazon Payments are trading names of Amazon Payments Europe S.C.A. The Login with Amazon Program is provided by Amazon Services Europe S.a.r.l. and is governed by the Login with Amazon Services Agreement. About Amazon Amazon.com opened on the World Wide Web in July 1995. The company is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire phone, Fire tablets, and Fire TV are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information contact the Amazon Press Office: pressoffice@amazon.co.uk or 0208 636 9280 [1] Redshift Research LTD, 2014, survey of 3000 consumers in the UK and Germany
