Amazon continues to invest heavily in exclusive content for Prime customers - Amazon Prime Instant Video will be the only subscription service in the UK where members can view the first two seasons of the ground-breaking British drama Ripper Street Millions of Ripper Street fans set to be delighted as Amazon commissions a third season of the critically-acclaimed period crime drama, exclusively available in the UK on Amazon Prime Instant Video, followed by broadcast on the BBC Amazon Prime Instant Video offers unlimited access to the UK's largest subscription streaming library – featuring more than 15,000 popular movies and TV episodes following the launch of the service today London, 26th February 2014: Amazon has today launched its Prime Instant Video service, where Prime subscribers now have access to the UK’s largest unlimited subscription streaming service of more than 15,000 popular movies and TV episodes in addition to unlimited One-Day Delivery on over 7 million items and access to 500,000 Kindle books to borrow for just £79 a year. In addition to the hundreds of movies and TV shows available exclusively to Amazon Prime members, such as The Hangover Part II, One Direction: This Is Us, and hit Amazon Studios comedy series Alpha House starring John Goodman, Amazon has today announced further investment into exclusive and original content in a landmark deal that sees the company acquire UK subscription streaming rights to critically acclaimed BBC period crime drama Ripper Street – voted the best show of 2013 by Radio Times readers. Amazon will commission from the producers, Tiger Aspect Productions and Lookout Point, a third series of Ripper Street, with brand new episodes made available exclusively to Amazon Prime Instant Video members. The series will continue to be co-produced in the US by BBC America and will screen on BBC1 a few months after it is available on Amazon in the UK. It will be distributed globally by BBC Worldwide. Filming will begin in May 2014, signaling Amazon’s commitment to the production of one of last year’s most highly regarded series, in a move that is sure to delight Ripper Street’s huge global fan base. Prime Instant Video will also be the only subscription service in the UK where TV fans can watch the first two series of the critically acclaimed drama, viewed by millions on BBC1. From today, followers of the award-winning and BAFTA nominated show will be able to stream all eight episodes of series one in full high definition, with the entirety of the second series to follow soon after – giving viewers the chance to fully immerse themselves in this captivating crime drama inspired by life in London’s Whitechapel in the late 19th century. “We’re delighted to have secured not only the highly popular first two seasons of Ripper Street for our Prime Instant Video customers, but we can also confirm today that we will making season three, news that we know will delight the millions of fans of this brilliant British drama,” said Jason Ropell, Head of Amazon Instant Video International Content Acquisition. “Prime Instant Video offers our customers the largest subscription streaming service in the UK with over 15,000 popular movies and TV episodes, many of which are exclusive to the service, and we’re just getting started.” Ben Stephenson, the BBC’s Controller of Drama Commissioning, says: “This is an exceptional opportunity to bring back Ripper Street for a third series by working with the right partners. This deal gives fans another series of the show they love at excellent value to the licence fee payer, ensuring that the BBC can also commission an entirely new, yet to be announced drama series.” Ripper Street follows the notorious H Division, the Police Precinct charged with keeping order on the meanest streets imaginable: late Victorian Whitechapel. It is a series of one-hour thrillers that transport audiences into the dark heart of London as it stumbles toward the Twentieth Century. Starring Matthew Macfadyen (Spooks, Robin Hood), Jerome Flynn (Game of Thrones), Adam Rothenberg (Alcatraz), MyAnna Buring (The Descent, Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn Part II) and created by BAFTA nominated Richard Warlow, (Waking the Dead, Mistresses), it is a vivid, sensual and violent drama that explores the lives of those who have seen the worst of humankind, but who nonetheless struggle each day to bring law to the lawless. Another generation of viewers will now be introduced to life on Ripper Street, and both new and existing fans can enjoy series one and two on Amazon Prime Instant Video from the beginning. For more information about Prime Instant Video, visit www.amazon.co.uk/primevideo. -Notes to Editors- Amazon.co.uk Ltd Press Office: For more information please contact the Amazon.co.uk Ltd Press Office on 0208 636 9280 or email pressoffice@amazon.co.uk. About Prime Instant Video Amazon has announced that it is combining two of the most popular subscription services in the UK, Amazon Prime and LOVEFiLM Instant, to become Prime Instant Video from today. Amazon Prime now offers members unlimited One-Day Delivery on over 7 million items, access to 500,000 Kindle books to borrow and unlimited streaming of more than 15,000 popular movies and TV episodes through Prime Instant Video. Prime is available at the low price of £79 a year – a 35% savings for all the benefits of the two previously separate services. Current Prime members can enjoy unlimited streaming at their current price until their renewal date. Customers who are not already members can start a 30-day free trial of Amazon Prime by visiting www.amazon.co.uk/prime. For more information about Amazon Prime, visit www.amazon.co.uk/prime. For more information about Prime Instant Video, visit www.amazon.co.uk/primevideo. About Amazon.co.uk Amazon.co.uk opened its virtual doors in October 1998 and strives to be Earth’s most customer-centric company, where customers can find and discover anything they might want to buy online, and endeavours to offer its customers the lowest possible prices. Amazon.co.uk and other sellers offer millions of new, refurbished and used items in categories such as Baby, Books, Car & Motorbike, Clothing, DIY & Tools, DVD, Electronics & Photo, Grocery, Health & Beauty, Home & Garden, Jewellery, MP3, Music, Musical Instruments & DJ, Office, PC, Pet Supplies, Shoes, Software, Sports & Leisure, Toys & Games, Video Games and Watches. Kindle Paperwhite is our most-advanced e-reader ever with 62% more pixels and 25% increased contrast, a patented built-in front light for reading in all lighting conditions, extra-long battery life, and a thin and light design.  The new latest generation Kindle, the lightest and smallest Kindle, now features new, improved fonts and faster page turns. Kindle Fire HD is our most-advanced tablet, with a stunning customised high-definition display, exclusive Dolby audio with dual stereo speakers, high-end laptop-grade Wi-Fi with dual-band support and dual antennas/MIMO, enough storage for HD content, and the latest generation processor and graphics engine. The all-new Kindle Fire features a faster processor for 40% faster performance, twice the memory, and longer battery life. Amazon Web Services provides Amazon's developer customers with access to in-the-cloud infrastructure services based on Amazon's own back-end technology platform, which developers can use to enable virtually any type of business. Amazon.co.uk is a trading name for Amazon EU S.à.r.l, Amazon Services Europe S.à.r.l and Amazon Media EU S.à.r.l. All three are wholly owned subsidiaries of global online retailer Amazon.com, Inc (NASDAQ:AMZN), located in Seattle, Washington. Amazon and its affiliates operate websites, including www.amazon.com, www.amazon.co.uk, www.amazon.de, www.amazon.co.jp, www.amazon.fr, www.amazon.ca, www.amazon.cn, www.amazon.it, www.amazon.es and www.amazon.com.br. As used herein, “Amazon.com,” “we,” “our” and similar terms include Amazon.com, Inc., and its subsidiaries, unless the context indicates otherwise. Forward-Looking Statements This announcement contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Actual results may differ significantly from management's expectations. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that include, among others, risks related to competition, management of growth, new products, services and technologies, potential fluctuations in operating results, international expansion, outcomes of legal proceedings and claims, fulfillment center optimization, seasonality, commercial agreements, acquisitions and strategic transactions, foreign exchange rates, system interruption, inventory, government regulation and taxation, payments and fraud. More information about factors that potentially could affect Amazon.com's financial results is included in Amazon.com's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including its most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent filings. Amazon Web Services provides Amazon's developer customers with access to in-the-cloud infrastructure services based on Amazon's own back-end technology platform, which developers can use to enable virtually any type of business. Amazon.co.uk is a trading name for Amazon EU S.a.r.l, Amazon Services Europe S.a.r.l and Amazon Media EU S.a.r.l. All three are wholly owned subsidiaries of global online retailer Amazon.com, Inc (NASDAQ:AMZN), located in Seattle, Washington. Amazon and its affiliates operate websites, including www.amazon.com, www.amazon.co.uk, www.amazon.de, www.amazon.co.jp, www.amazon.fr, www.amazon.ca, www.amazon.cn, www.amazon.it, and www.amazon.es. As used herein, “Amazon.com,” “we,” “our” and similar terms include Amazon.com, Inc., and its subsidiaries, unless the context indicates otherwise.
