Customers can read one of next month’s new releases today Choose one title to read early for £0.99; Prime members choose one title for free LUXEMBOURG—October 1, 2014—Amazon.co.uk, today announced the launch of Kindle First (www.amazon.co.uk/kindlefirst), a new programme that offers customers access to Kindle books from Amazon Publishing authors a month in advance of their official release date. Here’s how Kindle First works: Each month, Amazon Publishing editors select titles from popular categories a month ahead of their official publication date, adding a note of recommendation and a behind-the-scenes look at the stories and the authors. Customers can get one of the featured books each month for £0.99. Prime members can download their selection for free – adding yet another benefit of Prime membership. Customers can receive a monthly email alerting them of new Kindle First selections. Sign-up is free and there is no purchase obligation. Customers can visit the Kindle store on amazon.co.uk or their Kindle device to select their book. All Kindle First books become part of your permanent Kindle library and can be read on any Kindle device and Kindle free reading apps. The debut Kindle First picks list offers customer early access to new titles from best-selling authors: From the Cradle, a new thriller by authors Mark Edwards and Louise Voss The Glassblower,a new novel by women’s fiction author Petra Durst-Benning The Fallow Season of Hugo Hunter, the latest novel from Craig Lancaster My Sister's Grave, the forthcoming mystery by Robert Dugoni All of these books will be published in November but are available exclusively to Kindle First members starting today. “Kindle First adds even more value to our Prime membership and we’re delighted to be able to offer these great titles as early exclusives to all of our customers,” said Dominic Myers, Director, Amazon Publishing EU. “Not only is this another great service for our customers, it’s also a brilliant showcase for the amazing work being done by Amazon Publishing authors, who will have their books discovered and enjoyed by an even wider audience.” To learn more about Kindle First, and sign up for monthly emails announcing new selections, please visit www.amazon.co.uk/kindlefirst. To learn about all of the additional benefits included with Amazon Prime, visit www.amazon.co.uk/prime. About Amazon.com Amazon opened on the World Wide Web in July 1995. The company is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire phone, Fire tablets, and Fire TV are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For further information please contact: Amazon.co.uk Ltd Press Office Email: pressoffice@amazon.co.uk Tel: 0208 636 9280
