UK customers can now purchase the latest smartphones, with an O2 pay monthly contract, directly from Amazon.co.uk Handsets start from £0 upfront with O2 tariffs starting from £13 per month Introductory deals available for both new pay monthly customers and upgrades Amazon’s Fire phone is one of more than 90 pay monthly mobile phones now available Fire phone now available on Amazon.co.uk, with an expanded selection of plans including £0 upfront on a £28 per month plan with 1GB of data Luxembourg, 28th October, 2014 – Amazon.co.uk has today introduced pay monthly mobile phones to its Phones & Accessories Store. Customers are now able to purchase the latest smartphones on pay monthly contracts from £0 upfront, with tariffs starting from as little as £13 per month. More than 90 phones are available for pay monthly purchase, including Fire phone, with plans offered exclusively through launch partner O2. With familiar features such as customer reviews and order tracking, as well as low prices, straightforward comparison of tariffs and the ability to transfer your phone number, the Amazon.co.uk Phones & Accessories Store makes shopping for a new pay monthly mobile phone or upgrading an existing contract fast and easy. In addition, Amazon.co.uk is offering introductory deals to both customers beginning new pay monthly contracts and customers looking to upgrade, for a limited period: HTC One M8 for £0 upfront on a £28 per month tariff, with unlimited minutes and texts and 1GB of data Huawei P7 for £0 upfront on a £20 per month tariff, with 300 minutes, unlimited texts and 300MB of data Nokia Lumia 735 for £0 upfront on a £15 per month tariff, with 300 minutes, unlimited texts and 300MB of data With this expansion of the Phones & Accessories Store, Amazon’s Fire phone is also now available from Amazon.co.uk for the first time, with an increased selection of plans for customers to choose from, including: £0 upfront on a £28 per month tariff with unlimited minutes and texts and 1GB of data (32GB model) £0 upfront on a £33 per month tariff with unlimited minutes and texts and 2GB of data (32GB model) £39.99 upfront on a £23 per month tariff with 500 minutes, unlimited texts and 500MB of data (32GB model) Fire is the only smartphone with Dynamic Perspective and Firefly, two new breakthrough technologies that allow you to see and interact with the world through a whole new lens. Fire comes with great value packed in - customers get free unlimited cloud storage for photos taken on Fire and live video tech support with Mayday, with a full year of Amazon Prime membership included (until 31 December 2014). Fire is available with 32GB or 64GB storage. “We’ve taken our years of experience selling mobile phones on Amazon.co.uk to make it as fast and easy as possible for customers to purchase a new pay monthly phone or upgrade an existing contract,” said Xavier Garambois, Vice President of EU Retail at Amazon. “We’re focused on helping customers choose the right phone, at the right price, with fast delivery and are celebrating the launch with a host of great value deals.” “We’re committed to offering customers a great range of devices and the flexibility to buy them in whichever way best suits their needs,” said Feilim Mackle, Sales and Service Director, O2. “We’re proud to be extending our relationship with Amazon.co.uk, making it even easier for customers to get their hands on the latest devices.” Amazon.co.uk offers O2 tariff plans tailored to customer choice of phone model, inclusive minutes, data allowance and internet speed, with 3G and 4G plans available. Extras such as additional MMS and international calling options are also available. Customers can still purchase a new handset without a pay monthly contract. Amazon.co.uk offers more than 480 models, including the Sony Xperia Z3, Motorola Moto G 4G, Blackberry Passport and HTC One M8. Amazon.co.uk also offers the largest selection of compatible phone accessories. Mobile phones and tariffs can be found at www.amazon.co.uk/phones. - ENDS - Notes to Editors All plans are 24 months duration. About Amazon Amazon.com opened on the World Wide Web in July 1995. The company is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire phone, Fire tablets, and Fire TV are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For further information please contact: Amazon.co.uk Ltd Press Office Email: pressoffice@amazon.co.uk Tel: 0208 636 9280
