Six months FREE One-Day Delivery for university students with Amazon.co.uk Limited time launch offer of 20% off all Kindle Fire tablets Luxembourg, 31st March, 2014 – Today, Amazon.co.uk has launched Amazon Student, a new programme which helps students save time and money on their shopping. Whether it’s books, laptops, and stationery for studies, or homeware, kitchen equipment and groceries for their halls and flats, Amazon Student offers a wealth of products at great low prices with fast, convenient delivery. Amazon Student offers six months of free One-Day Delivery on over 7 million eligible items sold by Amazon.co.uk. Students can order products at the click of a button and have them delivered directly to their door, or to an Amazon pickup location, at no extra cost, leaving more time for studying, sports and socialising with new friends. “Students currently at University, or those heading there this year, are the internet generation - accustomed to conducting their lives online, via their phone, tablet or PC,” said Xavier Garambois, Vice President of EU Retail at Amazon. “Our student customers tell us that they want to save time and money when shopping and this programme has been designed to achieve that goal.” From today until 15th May, Amazon Student will offer subscribers 20% off all Kindle Fire tablets, including Kindle Fire HD and Kindle Fire HDX which features a stunning 7" or 8.9"HDX display, a quad-core 2.2 GHz processor and up to 11 hours of battery life. Fire tablets are perfect for both work and play and give students access to over 27 million songs, books, games, movies, TV shows, audiobooks and magazines. At the end of the six-month free trial, students can convert to a discounted Amazon Prime membership for just £39 per year – less than half the standard cost of Amazon Prime. As well as unlimited One-Day Delivery, students who pay for discounted Prime membership will gain access to more than 15,000 popular movies and TV episodes through Prime Instant Video, and also to 500,000 top-selling Kindle Books via the Kindle Owners’ Lending Library. Until 30th June, students will also get an additional 20% on the trade-in value of any used books through the Amazon Trade-In programme - simply send us unwanted books and you will receive an Amazon.co.uk gift card. To sign up, students need to follow a few simple steps on Amazon.co.uk, providing their institution e-mail address and completing the validation process. Visit www.amazon.co.uk/joinstudent for more information. -Ends- For further information please contact: Amazon.co.uk Ltd Press Office Email: pressoffice@amazon.co.uk Tel: 0208 636 9280 About Amazon.co.uk Amazon.co.uk opened its virtual doors in October 1998 and strives to be Earth’s most customer-centric company, where customers can find and discover anything they might want to buy online, and endeavours to offer its customers the lowest possible prices. Amazon.co.uk and other sellers offer millions of new, refurbished and used items in categories such as Baby, Books, Car & Motorbike, Clothing, DIY & Tools, DVD, Electronics & Photo, Grocery, Health & Beauty, Home & Garden, Jewellery, MP3, Music, Musical Instruments & DJ, Office, PC, Pet Supplies, Shoes, Software, Sports & Leisure, Toys & Games, Video Games and Watches. Kindle is the world's bestselling e-reader family and Kindle Paperwhite is our most advanced e-reader. It features new display technology with higher contrast, the next generation built-in light, a faster processor, the latest touch technology, and exclusive new features designed from the ground up for readers. Kindle, the lightest and smallest Kindle, features improved fonts and faster page turns. The new Kindle Fire HDX features a stunning exclusive 7" or 8.9" HDX display, a quad-core 2.2 GHz processor, 2x more memory, and 11 hours of battery life, as well as exclusive new features of Fire OS 3.0. The all-new Kindle Fire HD includes an HD display, high-performance processor and dual speakers at a breakthrough price. Amazon Web Services provides Amazon's developer customers with access to in-the-cloud infrastructure services based on Amazon's own back-end technology platform, which developers can use to enable virtually any type of business. Amazon.co.uk is a trading name for Amazon EU S.à.r.l, Amazon Services Europe S.à.r.l and Amazon Media EU S.à.r.l. All three are wholly owned subsidiaries of global online retailer Amazon.com, Inc (NASDAQ:AMZN), located in Seattle, Washington. Amazon and its affiliates operate websites, including http://www.amazon.com/, http://www.amazon.co.uk/, http://www.amazon.de/, http://www.amazon.co.jp/, http://www.amazon.fr/, http://www.amazon.ca/, http://www.amazon.cn/, http://www.amazon.it/, http://www.amazon.es/, http://www.amazon.com.br/, http://www.amazon.in/, and http://www.amazon.com.mx/. As used herein, “Amazon.com,” “we,” “our” and similar terms include Amazon.com, Inc., and its subsidiaries, unless the context indicates otherwise. Forward-Looking Statements This announcement contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Actual results may differ significantly from management's expectations. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that include, among others, risks related to competition, management of growth, new products, services and technologies, potential fluctuations in operating results, international expansion, outcomes of legal proceedings and claims, fulfillment center optimization, seasonality, commercial agreements, acquisitions and strategic transactions, foreign exchange rates, system interruption, inventory, government regulation and taxation, payments and fraud. More information about factors that potentially could affect Amazon.com's financial results is included in Amazon.com's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including its most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent filings.
