All new sci-fi series produced by Steven Spielberg premiering exclusively on Prime Instant Video, with episodes made available the day after broadcast in the US The new event series, distributed by CBS Studios International, will premiere on Thursday July 10th and will only be available on the UK’s largest movie and TV streaming service London, 28th May 2014: Amazon today announced that CBS Studios International’s highly-anticipated sci-fi thriller Extant, starring Academy Award-winner Halle Berry and produced by Steven Spielberg’s Amblin Television, will premiere exclusively on Amazon Prime Instant Video in the UK. The first episode of Extant premieres on Prime Instant Video, the UK’s largest movie and TV streaming service, on July 10th, the day after the US premiere on CBS on July 9th. New episodes will be available to stream exclusively from Amazon Prime Instant Video each week, one day after their US broadcast, in high definition and on over 400 devices. An all-new series from CBS Studios International and Amblin Television, Extant is a mystery thriller about a female astronaut (Berry) trying to reconnect with her family when she returns after a year in space. Her experiences in space lead to events that ultimately change the course of human history. The series stars Halle Berry, Goran Visnjic, Camryn Manheim, Michael O’Neill, Hiroyuki Sanada, Pierce Gagnon and Grace Gummer. Extant is a co-production of CBS Television Studios and Amblin Television. Steven Spielberg, Greg Walker, Mickey Fisher, who wrote the script, Brooklyn Weaver, Justin Falvey and Darryl Frank serve as executive producers. Halle Berry is a co-executive producer. “Extant is a bold and thrilling new series from some of the biggest names in entertainment”, said Chris Bird, Amazon Instant Video Film & TV Strategy Director. “Having such a highly anticipated and star-studded show premiere exclusively on Prime Instant Video is a perfect example of our ongoing commitment to bringing the very best in movie and TV entertainment to our customers in the UK.” “We’re excited to see EXTANT stream on Amazon in the U.K,” said Armando Nuñez, President and Chief Executive Officer, CBS Global Distribution Group. “With its stellar talent, unique concept and production auspices, EXTANT is sure to be this year’s television event in the US, UK and around the globe.” For more information about Prime Instant Video, visit http://www.amazon.co.uk/primevideo -Notes to Editors- Amazon.co.uk Ltd Press Office: For more information please contact the Amazon.co.uk Ltd Press Office on 0208 636 9280 or email pressoffice@amazon.co.uk. About Prime Instant Video Amazon has announced that it is combining two of the most popular subscription services in the UK, Amazon Prime and LOVEFiLM Instant, to become Prime Instant Video from today. Amazon Prime now offers members unlimited One-Day Delivery on over 7 million items, access to 500,000 Kindle books to borrow and unlimited streaming of more than 15,000 popular movies and TV episodes through Prime Instant Video. Prime is available at the low price of £79 a year – a 35% savings for all the benefits of the two previously separate services. Current Prime members can enjoy unlimited streaming at their current price until their renewal date. Customers who are not already members can start a 30-day free trial of Amazon Prime by visiting www.amazon.co.uk/prime. For more information about Amazon Prime, visit www.amazon.co.uk/prime. For more information about Prime Instant Video, visit www.amazon.co.uk/primevideo. About Amazon.co.uk Amazon.co.uk opened its virtual doors in October 1998 and strives to be Earth’s most customer-centric company, where customers can find and discover anything they might want to buy online, and endeavours to offer its customers the lowest possible prices. Amazon.co.uk and other sellers offer millions of new, refurbished and used items in categories such as Baby, Books, Car & Motorbike, Clothing, DIY & Tools, DVD, Electronics & Photo, Grocery, Health & Beauty, Home & Garden, Jewellery, MP3, Music, Musical Instruments & DJ, Office, PC, Pet Supplies, Shoes, Software, Sports & Leisure, Toys & Games, Video Games and Watches. Kindle Paperwhite is our most-advanced e-reader ever with 62% more pixels and 25% increased contrast, a patented built-in front light for reading in all lighting conditions, extra-long battery life, and a thin and light design.  The new latest generation Kindle, the lightest and smallest Kindle, now features new, improved fonts and faster page turns. Kindle Fire HD is our most-advanced tablet, with a stunning customised high-definition display, exclusive Dolby audio with dual stereo speakers, high-end laptop-grade Wi-Fi with dual-band support and dual antennas/MIMO, enough storage for HD content, and the latest generation processor and graphics engine. The all-new Kindle Fire features a faster processor for 40% faster performance, twice the memory, and longer battery life. Amazon Web Services provides Amazon's developer customers with access to in-the-cloud infrastructure services based on Amazon's own back-end technology platform, which developers can use to enable virtually any type of business. Amazon.co.uk is a trading name for Amazon EU S.à.r.l, Amazon Services Europe S.à.r.l and Amazon Media EU S.à.r.l. Prime Instant Video / Amazon Instant Video are trading names of Lovefilm UK Ltd. All are wholly owned subsidiaries of global online retailer Amazon.com, Inc (NASDAQ:AMZN), located in Seattle, Washington. Amazon and its affiliates operate websites, including www.amazon.com, www.amazon.co.uk, www.amazon.de, www.amazon.co.jp, www.amazon.fr, www.amazon.ca, www.amazon.cn, www.amazon.it, www.amazon.es and www.amazon.com.br. As used herein, “Amazon.com,” “we,” “our” and similar terms include Amazon.com, Inc., and its subsidiaries, unless the context indicates otherwise. Forward-Looking Statements This announcement contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Actual results may differ significantly from management's expectations. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that include, among others, risks related to competition, management of growth, new products, services and technologies, potential fluctuations in operating results, international expansion, outcomes of legal proceedings and claims, fulfillment center optimization, seasonality, commercial agreements, acquisitions and strategic transactions, foreign exchange rates, system interruption, inventory, government regulation and taxation, payments and fraud. More information about factors that potentially could affect Amazon.com's financial results is included in Amazon.com's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including its most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent filings. Amazon Web Services provides Amazon's developer customers with access to in-the-cloud infrastructure services based on Amazon's own back-end technology platform, which developers can use to enable virtually any type of business. Amazon.co.uk is a trading name for Amazon EU S.a.r.l, Amazon Services Europe S.a.r.l and Amazon Media EU S.a.r.l. All three are wholly owned subsidiaries of global online retailer Amazon.com, Inc (NASDAQ:AMZN), located in Seattle, Washington. Amazon and its affiliates operate websites, including www.amazon.com, www.amazon.co.uk, www.amazon.de, www.amazon.co.jp, www.amazon.fr, www.amazon.ca, www.amazon.cn, www.amazon.it, and www.amazon.es. As used herein, “Amazon.com,” “we,” “our” and similar terms include Amazon.com, Inc., and its subsidiaries, unless the context indicates otherwise.
