New features including Word Wise and Family Library coming to Kindle e-readers as part of a free, over-the-air software update LUXEMBOURG—November 17, 2014—Amazon.co.uk today announced a software update for Kindle e-readers that includes exclusive features including Word Wise and Family Library. This free, over-the-air software update will be delivered automatically in the coming weeks to the newly announced £59 Kindle and Kindle Voyage, as well as the most recent version of Kindle Paperwhite, or you can visit www.amazon.co.uk/kindlesoftwareupdates to download the software update starting today. “We can’t wait to hear what customers think about these new features,” said Jorrit Van der Meulen, Vice President, Amazon Devices EU. “Word Wise will make it easier for kids learning to read and people learning English to understand challenging books more quickly, with simple and helpful definitions that automatically appear above difficult words. And with Family Library, readers can now share books with their spouse or partner without sharing an Amazon account.” New features include: Word Wise—For readers learning English and children learning to read, Word Wise makes it easier to understand more challenging books more quickly. Short and simple definitions automatically appear above difficult words, so you can keep reading without having to stop and look up a word. To see the various meanings the same word can have in different contexts, just tap on the word to quickly bring up a card with definitions, synonyms, and more. You can adjust the number of definitions you see with a slider, dialing them up or down as you learn and grow your vocabulary. Word Wise is already available on thousands of titles, including Dork Diaries: Once Upon a Dorkand The Book Thief.   Family Library—For the first time, you can access not only your own Kindle books, but also books from the Amazon account of a spouse or partner. Expanded X-Ray for Books—X-Ray now makes it easier to explore as you read—quickly flip through all the images in a book, and use the new timeline view to easily browse the most notable passages.    Enhanced Search—Makes it even easier to find what you are looking for by combining and previewing results from your Library and the Kindle Store on the same page. These features will be delivered automatically as part of a free, over-the-air software update in the coming weeks, or you can visit www.amazon.co.uk/kindlesoftwareupdates to download the software update starting today. About Amazon Amazon.com opened on the World Wide Web in July 1995. The company is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire phone, Fire tablets, and Fire TV are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon.
