Read freely from over 650,000 books—available on Kindle devices, as well as free Kindle reading apps for iOS, Android and more Listen to thousands of audiobooks from Audible, or switch easily between reading and listening with Whispersync for Voice Enjoy best sellers including the Harry Potter series, The Hundred Year Old Man, the Hunger Games trilogy, 2013 Man Booker prize winner The Luminaries, Slaughterhouse-Five by Kurt Vonnegut and Maze Runner The most cost-effective way to enjoy eBooks and audiobooks together—read and listen to Life of Pi, World War Z, and Capital in the Twenty-First Century Start a free 30-day Kindle Unlimited trial today LUXEMBOURG—Sep. 24, 2014-- Amazon.co.uk today introduced Kindle Unlimited—a new subscription service which allows customers to freely read as much as they want from over 650,000 Kindle books and listen as much as they want to thousands of Audible audiobooks, all for only £7.99 a month. Finding a great book is easy—just look for the Kindle Unlimited logo on eligible titles and click “Read for £0.00.” Customers can choose from best sellers like the Harry Potter series, The White Tiger, Hunger Games and with thousands of professionally narrated audiobooks from Audible, like Life of Pi, A Day at the Office and classics like Great Expectations, the story can continue in the car or on the go. Kindle Unlimited is available starting today and is accessible from Kindle devices or with Amazon’s free Kindle reading apps. Start your free 30-day trial today at www.amazon.co.uk/ku-freetrial. “With Kindle Unlimited, you never have to think twice about what book you want to read or listen to,” said Jorrit Van der Meulen, Vice President, Kindle EU. “With unlimited access to hundreds of thousands of titles, Kindle Unlimited offers by far the simplest and most cost-effective way to explore and discover eBooks and audiobooks together, and you can even switch from reading to listening without losing your place. Our US customers have shown us how much they love the opportunity to discover new authors and genres, and now we’re delighted to offer the same freedom to our customers in the UK.” In addition to over 650,000 titles, Kindle Unlimited includes thousands of Whispersync for Voice enabled titles so customers can switch easily between reading and listening, allowing the story to continue even when their eyes are busy—all for just £7.99 a month. Kindle Unlimited features include: Unlimited reading: Access over 650,000 books including best sellers like the Harry Potter series, The Hundred Year Old Man Who Jumped Out the Window, The Luminaries, The Etymologicon, Fractured, The White Tiger, Death comes to Pemberley, The Detective’s Daughter, World War Z, Cold in July, humorous books like The Moaning of Life by Karl Pilkington and the Tom Gates series, plus thousands of classics such as Slaughterhouse-Five and 2001: A Space Odyssey,as well as books featuring much loved children’s characters such as Mr. Men and Little Miss, and useful reference titles including books from the For Dummies series, The Introducing series, and The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People. Unlimited listening: Keep the story going with unlimited access to more than 2,000 audiobooks from Audible with Whispersync for Voice, and switch seamlessly between reading and listening to customer favorites like Hunger Games, Into the Darkest Corner, Life of Pi, Gray Justice, The Magpies, A Day at the Office, Watch Over Me, Finding Emma, Wuthering Heights and Treasure Island. Kindle exclusives: Choose from hundreds of thousands of books only found on Kindle, including new releases and Kindle bestsellers such as Because She Loves Me by Mark Edwards, The Thief Taker by C.S. Quinn, Slaughterhouse-Five by Kurt Vonnegut, The Hangman’s Daughter series by Oliver Pötzsch, War Brides by Helen Bryan, Watching Over You by Mel Sherratt, Cry Baby by David Jackson, and James Duigan’s Clean and Lean books. Short Reads: For a quick escape, select from a wide range of books that are 100 pages or less, including Kindle Singles from Stephen King, Carol Drinkwater, Susan Hill, Andrew Taylor, and Linda Grant. Popular Kindle features: Enjoy all the great Kindle features customers love such as Whispersync, Popular Highlights, X-Ray, and customer reviews. Read and listen everywhere: Access across Kindle devices and free Kindle reading apps for iPhone, iPad, Android tablets and phones, Windows Phone, PC, Mac and Windows 8—so you always have your library with you and never lose your place.   For more details on Kindle Unlimited, visit www.amazon.co.uk/kindleunlimited ### For further information please contact: Amazon.co.uk Ltd Press Office Phone: 0208 636 9280 Email: pressoffice@amazon.co.uk Or visit www.amazon.co.uk/pr. About Amazon Amazon.com opened on the World Wide Web in July 1995. The company is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire phone, Fire tablets, and Fire TV are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. About Audible, Inc. Audible, Inc., an Amazon.com, Inc. subsidiary (NASDAQ:AMZN), is the leading provider of premium digital spoken audio information and entertainment on the Internet, offering customers a new way to enhance and enrich their lives every day. Audible’s mission is to establish literate listening as a core tool for anyone seeking to be more productive, better informed, or more thoughtfully entertained. Audible content includes more than 150,000 audio programs from leading audiobook publishers, broadcasters, entertainers, magazine and newspaper publishers, and business information providers. Audible is also the preeminent provider of spoken-word audio products for Apple’s iTunes® Store.
