Available in 6” (15.2 cm) or 7” (17.8 cm) and in five fun colour choices, the new Fire HD is powerful and portable—vivid HD display with over 1 million pixels, fast quad-core processor, excellent reliability, front and rear-facing cameras, Dolby Digital audio and more Includes Fire OS 4 “Sangria” which adds hundreds of new features and platform enhancements, including Family Library, Profiles, and ASAP—plus access to over 33 million movies, TV shows, songs, books, and Android apps and games Family Library lets family members easily share apps, games, books and Prime Instant Video content, even if they use different Amazon accounts Unlimited Cloud storage for all photos taken with Fire HD’s front and rear-facing cameras—free Luxembourg—18 September 2014—Amazon today introduced the new Fire HD, featuring a quad-core processor, front and rear-facing cameras, an HD display, excellent reliability, and a world-class ecosystem of exclusive features, services and content. The new Fire HD tablets are available in two sizes—6” from £79 and 7” from £119—and five colour choices: black, white, cobalt, magenta, and citron. “Fire HD is powerful and fits in your pocket, for under £100,” said Jeff Bezos, Amazon.com Founder and CEO. “The new Fire HD features a stunning HD display, quad-core processor, Dolby Digital audio, front and rear-facing cameras, excellent reliability and Amazon’s massive content ecosystem—all supported by Amazon customer service.”   Fire HD delivers a world-class entertainment experience—with over 33 million movies, TV shows, songs, books, and Android apps and games, as well as exclusive features like X-Ray, ASAP, and Second Screen, Fire HD is great for watching movies, playing games, reading books, listening to music and more. Fire HD features: High-definition display—Crisp and vivid with over 1 million pixels (252 ppi for 6”, 216 ppi for 7”), now brighter than the previous generation Kindle Fire HD, with vibrant colours and whiter whites. Ultrafast quad-core processor—Running at up to 1.5 GHz, Fire HD can run even the most graphically intensive games. Front and rear-facing cameras—Video chat with friends and family with the front facing camera; take photos or capture videos in 1080p HD with the rear-facing camera, with free, unlimited cloud storage for all photos taken on Fire devices. Pocket-sized design—Small and portable so it fits in a pocket or purse and is easy to hold with one hand. Excellent reliability—Fire HD has a Gorilla Glass display and a design that is engineered for reliability. Five fun colours—Fire HD is available in black, white, cobalt, magenta and citron. Profiles give everyone a personalised experience—With Profiles, each family member gets their own profile, including individual email, Facebook and Twitter accounts, page in the book, spot in a movie, and game levels. Family Library—Never again worry about whose account has the Prime membership or who bought that book you want to read. Family Library links your Amazon account to that of your spouse or partner so you can easily share apps, games, books and Prime Instant Video content within your household without changing accounts. Family Library lets families share their content while using a single Fire tablet with different profiles, or also across multiple devices, including Kindle e-readers, Fire tablets, Fire phone, and Amazon Fire TV, as well as on all of the other most popular devices and platforms with the free Kindle and Amazon Instant Video apps. Family Library will be coming soon as part of a free, over-the-air software update.  ASAP (Advanced Streaming and Prediction)—Customers loved it on Amazon Fire TV, so now available on tablets by popular demand, ASAP predicts which movies and TV episodes you’ll want to watch and prepares them for instant playback before you even hit play, so they start instantly. Amazon-exclusive features—X-Ray, Second Screen, Prime Instant Video Downloads and more. Dolby Digital Plus audio—The standard in high-end audio. Fire HD delivers crisp and clear sound without distortion. All-day battery life—Delivers up to 8 hours of reading, listening to music, watching video, and browsing the web. Stay connected and productive—Fast web browsing, email and calendar support, plus a new pre-loaded WPS Office app lets you create, edit and view Office documents. Massive content ecosystem—Over 33 million movies, TV shows, songs, books, magazines, and Android apps and games—including Facebook, Netflix, Twitter, Angry Birds Stella, Minecraft and more—with free, unlimited Cloud storage for all Amazon content. Also available for the Fire HD are new accessories, including a new protective cover that is available in six colours and can stand in both portrait and landscape orientations, as well as a series of adapters that allow you to connect Fire HD to an HDTV, monitor or mass storage device via HDMI, VGA or USB. The new Fire HD is available for pre-order starting today for £79 for 6” and £119 for 7” and will begin shipping in October. Visit www.amazon.co.uk/fire-hd to learn more. To learn more about the hundreds of new features and updates in Fire OS 4 “Sangria,” visit www.amazon.co.uk/fire-os. In addition to the new Fire HD 6 and Fire HD 7, Amazon also today introduced the new Fire HDX 8.9. To learn more about the new Fire HDX 8.9 and many of the features above, visit www.amazon.co.uk/hdx. ### For images and information about other devices please click here. About Amazon Amazon.com opened on the World Wide Web in July 1995. The company is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire phone, Fire tablets, and Fire TV are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon.
