Amazon teams up with Kaiser Chiefs to showcase AW14 Menswear Collection www.amazon.co.uk/kaiserchiefs Luxembourg, 22 September 2014: Amazon has joined forces with Kaiser Chiefs to launch its AW14 menswear collection. Simon Rix, Ricky Wilson and Nick Baines wore new season collections including pieces from Hugo Boss, Levi’s, French Connection, Selected Homme, and Ben Sherman. Amazon has 35 million customers shopping for fashion globally, and fashion is one of the fastest growing categories at Amazon.co.uk. The men’s fashion collection includes clothing, shoes, accessories, and watches, and customers benefit from free UK delivery on orders over £10 sold by Amazon.co.uk, and free returns on fashion items. “Our aim is to make Amazon the best place to buy fashion online.” said Sergio Bucher, European Vice President of Amazon Fashion.  “UK customers can now benefit from a growing selection of new menswear brands including Boss Orange, Lacoste, Ben Sherman, Tommy Hilfiger and many others, as well as same day and Sunday deliveries” To shop the Amazon.co.uk AW14 menswear collection and to see a ‘Behind the Scenes’ video from the Kaiser Chiefs shoot visit www.amazon.co.uk/kaiserchiefs. To see Ricky Wilson’s top picks for AW14 visit www.amazon.co.uk/hotlist. ENDS For more information please contact Katie Keenan at the Amazon Press Office kkeenan@amazon.co.uk Kaiser Chiefs Artist page: http://www.amazon.co.uk/KaiserChiefs/e/B000APY7F4/ref=sr_ntt_srch_lnk_6?qid=1407859553&sr=8-6 Kaiser Chiefs tour the UK in January and February – for full dates visit http://www.crowdsurge.com/kaiserchiefs/ About Amazon Fashion Amazon Fashion brings together top brands and retailers at one, convenient shopping destination. Globally, Amazon has 35 million active customers shopping for fashion. About Amazon.co.uk Fashion Fashion is one of the fastest growing categories at Amazon.co.uk. During the last week of November 2013, Amazon.co.uk announced it had taken orders for more than one million items of clothing and shoes in one week. In 2012 and 2013 Amazon partered with design duo Meadham Kirchhoff to create a capsule sweatshirt collection (AW12) and a capsule scarf collection (AW13). For SS14 Amazon.co.uk worked with aerial photographer Jason Hawkes to create a capsule collection of men’s pocket squares featuring iconic London landmarks, to celebrate London Collections:Men. In September 2014 Amazon announced a partnership with british based designer Osman for a capsule collection for AW14. Amazon.co.uk Fashion is a patron of the British Fashion Council. About Amazon.com Amazon.com opened on the World Wide Web in July 1995. The company is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire phone, Fire tablets, and Fire TV are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon.
