Powerful performance with 3x the processing power plus a dedicated GPU and dual-band, dual-antenna Wi-Fi Say it, watch it—use voice search to find movies, TV shows, songs and more in just seconds ASAP feature predicts which movies and TV episodes you’ll want to watch and prepares them for playback before you even hit play Huge, open ecosystem of entertainment—choose from customer-favourite services like Netflix, Spotify, and Sky News Also access the great selection of movies and TV shows from Amazon to rent and buy, or for unlimited streaming through Prime Instant Video, the largest subscription streaming service in the UK Plus, Fire TV comes with access to games from Mojang, Gameloft, Sega, Ubisoft, and more—play with your remote or the Fire TV game controller For five days only: as a thank you to new and existing Prime members, Fire TV is available for just £49 on Amazon.co.uk Luxembourg – 3rd September 2014 - Today, Amazon announced that Amazon Fire TV, the best-selling streaming box on Amazon in the US since it launched in April, is now available in the UK. Fire TV is a tiny box that plugs into your HDTV for easy and instant access to Netflix, Prime Instant Video, Demand 5, Spotify, Sky News, Curzon Home Cinema, YouTube, low-cost video rentals and much more. Fire TV also brings photos, music and games to the living room. Amazon Fire TV is just £79—as a thank you to new and existing Prime members, Fire TV is available for five days only for just £49 on Amazon.co.uk. Meet Amazon Fire TV at www.amazon.co.uk/firetv. “Tiny box, huge specs, tons of content, incredible price—customers love Fire TV, and we’re thrilled to introduce it in the UK,” said Jeff Bezos, Amazon Founder and CEO. “Voice search that actually works means no more typing on an alphabet grid. Our exclusive new ASAP feature predicts the shows you’ll want to watch and gets them ready to stream instantly. And our open approach gives you not just Amazon Instant Video and Prime Instant Video, but also Netflix, Sky News, YouTube, Spotify, and more.” Amazon Fire TV features: Voice search that actually works—simply speak the name of a movie, TV show, actor, director or genre into the remote, and you’re done. No more labouriously scrolling through the alphabet grid to form your search term. All the content—instant access to Netflix, Prime Instant Video, Sky News, YouTube and more, plus a great selection of videos for rent and purchase—thousands of movies and TV episodes from Amazon Instant Video. In addition, listen to music with Amazon Music, Spotify, TuneIn and more. Powerful performance in a tiny form factor—quad-core processor with 3x the processing power of Apple TV, a dedicated GPU, plus 4x the memory of Apple TV or Chromecast for exceptional speed and fluidity. Delivers up to 1080p HD stunning video and support for immersive Dolby Digital Plus surround sound. All of this comes in an incredibly small package—Fire TV is 17.5 mm thin and includes a simple and sleek remote control with a built-in microphone. Simple and easy to use—arrives pre-registered so you can start watching immediately out of the box. An exclusive new feature called ASAP (Advanced Streaming and Prediction) predicts which movies and TV episodes you’ll want to watch and buffers them for playback before you even hit play—instant start. Hundreds of high-quality, low-cost games—such as Minecraft, Asphalt 8, NBA 2K14, and The Walking Dead, with more being added every week. For more high-intensity and complex gaming, choose the Amazon Fire Game Controller, available separately. X-Ray for movies and TV shows—see information about cast and crew, as well as trivia See all of your photos and personal videos come alive on your big-screen HDTV—seamless integration with Amazon’s Cloud Drive. Reviewers in the U.S. are saying: “Fire TV’s impressive evolution of the TV-watching experience is a remote control that lets you quickly search a world of Internet video, game and app content with only your voice.” – Wall Street Journal “After playing with Amazon's smart interface, competitors are going to need to catch up.” – USA Today “What sets Fire TV furthest apart from competing devices is its voice search.” – Associated Press “Fire TV's quad-core processor makes for browsing at breakneck speeds. Load times? Haha, what load time?” – Gizmodo “Amazon did a terrific job with the design of the Fire TV.” – Mashable “I can say this: gaming on the Fire TV is very real, and bears some serious watching.” – CNet “Voice search is never not amazing. You almost dare it to mess up, trying the most complicated names you can think of.” – Gizmodo “The ASAP video feature really works.” – TIME “…it might be the best voice search utility I've ever used – even better than Google Now on Android.” – The Verge Simple and Easy to Use, with Powerful Performance Powerful Quad-Core Processor and Graphics Engine Fire TV features a world-class quad-core processor with 3x the processing power of Apple TV and a dedicated Adreno 320 graphics engine that processes 57 billion floating point instructions per second, for lightning-fast graphics and excellent fluidity. Fire TV comes with 2 GB of memory, 4x the memory of Apple TV or Chromecast, so content loads faster and games run smoother. Streams in High Definition up to 1080p with Support for Dolby Digital Plus Surround Sound With dual-band, dual-antenna Wi-Fi, Fire TV streams in up to full-HD 1080p and supports HDMI and optical audio-out, enabling up to 7.1 Dolby Digital Plus surround sound. Simple and Easy to Use Fire TV comes automatically pre-registered so you can get started immediately. No complicated set-up, no hassle—just plug it in and connect to the Internet to start watching. All of your previously purchased movies and TV shows from Amazon, as well as personalised recommendations and your Watchlist, will be there waiting for you when you turn on Fire TV. Designed to Disappear Fire TV is designed to disappear. It is 17.5 mm thin, so it is easy to hide and is silent even when running the most demanding applications. Fire TV Remote Control Fire TV’s remote is small, simple and intuitive, with familiar controls. Search, browse, play, pause and add titles to your Watchlist with ease. The Fire TV remote uses Bluetooth so no “line of sight” is required, which means no reaching or struggling to aim your signal at a tiny target - put your Fire TV in a cabinet or behind the TV. Voice Search that Actually Works Gone are the days of searching for a movie or TV show by left-left-down-right-ing through an on-screen alphabet grid using your remote. Simply speak the name of a movie, TV show, actor, director, genre, app or game into the remote and the results will appear in seconds. Voice search leverages the search data and expertise of Amazon and IMDb, and is optimised to understand Amazon’s video, app and game catalogue. A Great Video Experience Movies and TV from Sky News, Netflix, Prime Instant Video, Curzon Home Cinema, and More Fire TV comes with instant access to popular video services, including Netflix, Prime Instant Video, and more, with additional services such as Curzon Home Cinema and Demand 5 coming soon. Prime Instant Video—The Largest Subscription Streaming Service in the UK Fire TV is seamlessly integrated with Prime Instant Video, Amazon’s subscription streaming service. Prime members enjoy unlimited streaming of thousands of popular movies and TV shows, such as Vikings, Extant, Ripper Street, Alpha House  and many more. A Great Selection of Videos for Rent or Purchase Rent or purchase movies and TV episodes from Amazon Instant Video, which has a great selection of videos to rent or buy, including new releases and blockbusters. Amazon offers two ways for customers to watch movies and TV shows: rental and purchase, as well as a subscription streaming service, so you can find everything you want in one place—catch up on past seasons of popular TV shows with Prime Instant Video before purchasing the most recent episode of the show as it’s released. ASAP You shouldn’t have to wait for a video to buffer after you press “Play”—it should start immediately. Based on your Watchlist and recommendations, the new ASAP (Advanced Streaming and Prediction) feature predicts which movies and TV episodes you’ll want to watch and prepares them for playback before you even hit play. This feature is smart—it is personalised based on your viewing habits and adapts as those habits change. The caching predictions get better over time, so ASAP will improve continuously as you use Fire TV. Fling TV Shows and Movies with Second Screen Fling Amazon TV shows and movies from your Kindle Fire HDX to your Fire TV using Second Screen. This turns your TV into the primary screen and frees up your phone or tablet to provide playback controls, a customised display for X-Ray, or simply a place to e-mail, browse the Web and more while you watch a movie. You can also wirelessly mirror your tablet display to your Fire TV with Kindle Fire. Fire TV supports standards such as DIAL, so app developers can enable multi-screen experiences based on open technologies. X-Ray for Movies and TV Shows, Powered by IMDb Using Second Screen on your Kindle Fire HDX, you can see X-Ray information as your movie or TV show plays on Fire TV. With X-Ray you can see information about cast and crew, the names of songs as they play, as well as a list of all music in the movie or TV show, trivia items in context with the action on the screen and character backstories so you can easily remind yourself of the character’s history. X-Ray is exclusive to Amazon and is powered by IMDb. Your Photos on the Big Screen Fire TV makes it easy to view your photos and personal videos on your TV. You can set up and play slide shows, find specific photos and choose your favourite album for the screen saver on Fire TV. Photos or videos you take on your phone or tablet can be uploaded to Amazon Cloud Drive, so they appear on your Fire TV automatically. Music in Your Living Room With Fire TV, you can listen to music from popular streaming services such as Spotify and TuneIn, and watch music videos from VEVO. You can also listen to your full collection of music through Amazon Music. Simply upload your music or purchase from Amazon and it will be stored automatically in your Cloud Player and available on Fire TV as well as on your phone or tablet. Bonus—Great Games at Low Prices Games from Top Developers Amazon worked with game developers such as Mojang, Gameloft, Sega and Ubisoft to bring their games to Fire TV. Games available starting today include customer favourites such as Minecraft, Asphalt 8, NBA 2K14, The Walking Dead, and more. Hundreds of games are already available for Fire TV, and these are great games for such a small box and at such surprisingly low prices—the average game price is £1.07. Fire TV also comes with access to Sev Zero, a new game built exclusively for Fire TV by Amazon Game Studios. Sev Zero costs £4.99 and is available for free when you purchase the Amazon Fire Game Controller. Learn more: www.amazon.co.uk/SevZero. Fire TV runs Fire OS, which is based on Android, so it’s simple for developers to port their services and games over to Fire TV. Choose How to Play—Remote or Game Controller In addition to using the Fire TV remote, you can also choose the Amazon Fire Game Controller, which enables more high-intensity and complex gaming with dual analogue sticks and a complete range of controls. Simple and comfortable to use for hours, the Amazon Fire Game Controller pairs with Fire TV via Bluetooth. The Amazon Fire Game Controller also manages power intelligently by going to sleep automatically when not in use, and waking at a touch of a button, giving you up to 55 hours of gaming on two AA batteries. You can pair multiple game controllers with a Fire TV so the whole family can play together in the same room. The Fire game controller is available for pre-order today for £34.99 and comes with a free copy of Sev Zero. The Features You Expect from Amazon Fire TV is not a gadget—it’s a seamlessly integrated service that brings together the features customers expect from Amazon, including: Whispersync—Amazon’s Whispersync technology saves and synchronises your video and music library across all of your devices. Start watching a movie on your Kindle Fire or iPhone, and when you get home, pick up where you left off on your Fire TV. For games that support Whispersync, your place in the game will also sync across devices so you can always pick up where you left off. Watch on over 400 devices—When you buy a movie or TV show on Amazon, you can watch it on over 400 devices. Worry-Free Archive—Automatically backs up your Amazon digital content in the cloud so you never need to worry about losing your collection. Top-Rated, World-Class Customer Service—When a customer shops on Amazon, buys a Fire TV, or buys digital content from Amazon, they know that they are also getting Amazon’s world-class customer service.. Free Month of Amazon Prime—Prime members enjoy unlimited, ad-free, instant streaming of thousands of movies and TV episodes with Prime Instant Video. Eligible customers get a free 30-day trial of Amazon Prime when they purchase Fire TV. Pricing & Availability Fire TV is available for pre-order starting today for just £79—order at www.amazon.co.uk/firetv. It will ship on 23 October 2014. Fire TV will also be available at Argos, Dixons, Sainsbury’s and Tesco. If you haven’t tried Amazon Prime, Fire TV comes with a free month’s trial. Notes To Editors: For Fire TV images and b-roll click here ###  
