Critically acclaimed political comedy starring John Goodman available exclusively on Amazon Prime Instant Video tomorrow, Wednesday February 26th Alpha House is the first fully commissioned series from Amazon Studios and from tomorrow, Prime members can watch all 11 episodes for free through Prime Instant Video alongside 15,000 popular movies and TV episodes London, 25th February 2014: Prime Instant Video, the UK’s largest unlimited subscription streaming service with more than 15,000 popular movies and TV episodes available for Prime customers, launches tomorrow (Wednesday 26th February). As part of Amazon’s increasing investment in exclusive programming, the company is introducing its first original series, critically-acclaimed political satire Alpha House. Starring John Goodman, created by Garry Trudeau, and made by Amazon Studios, Alpha House will be available for Amazon Prime members to stream through the new Prime Instant Video service available at www.amazon.co.uk/primevideo. Starring Golden Globe-winning actor John Goodman (Argo), Clark Johnson (Homeland), Matt Malloy (Six Feet Under) and Mark Consuelos (All My Children), the unique and star-studded comedy follows four US senators renting a house together and struggling to keep their personal lives and exploits from tarring their public image as they fight for re-election. Undergoing a series of profile-boosting exercises with hilarious results, the housemate’s fend off scandal and ridicule whilst nursing their political ambitions. Also featured in the cast are Cynthia Nixon (Sex and the City), Wanda Sykes (Curb Your Enthusiasm), Amy Sedaris (Strangers with Candy) and Julie White (Go On), with cameos from Hollywood stalwart Bill Murray (as Senator Vernon Smits) and politicians such as Chuck Schumer and Anthony Weiner, who play themselves. Alpha House was written and produced by Doonesbury creator Garry Trudeau alongside fellow producers Elliot Webb and Jonathan Alter. “Prime Instant Video is the UK’s largest movie and TV subscription steaming service with more than 15,000 great movies and TV episodes for our customers to enjoy. We’re delighted to be investing in great original content for our customers, and are very excited to debut Alpha House in the UK for our customers to enjoy,” said Tim Leslie, Vice President of Amazon Instant Video for the UK and Germany. “The talent behind Alpha House is incredible and as the first full series to come through Amazon Studios we can’t wait to hear what our viewers think to the show – especially considering the overwhelmingly positive reaction to the pilot.” Amazon Prime members in the UK will be able to watch all 11 episodes of Alpha House, the first complete series from Amazon Studios, alongside 15,000 popular movies and TV episodes. The show was created following Amazon customer reviews and feedback to the pilot episode released in May 2013. Amazon Studios recently introduced 10 new drama, comedy and kids pilots from creators such as Chris Carter (The X-Files), Eric Overmyer (The Wire, Treme), Michael Connelly (Harry Bosch), Roman Coppola (Moonrise Kingdom), Jason Schwartzman (Saving Mr. Banks), Tony-nominated Alex Timbers, Oscar-nominated Paul Weitz, Emmy-nominated Jill Soloway (Six Feet Under), Ice Cube and Michael Strahan. Prime Instant Video Amazon has announced that it is combining two of the most popular subscription services in the UK, Amazon Prime and LOVEFiLM, to become Prime Instant Video from tomorrow (26th February). Amazon Prime offers members unlimited One-Day Delivery on over 7 million items and access to 500,000 Kindle books to borrow. LOVEFiLM Instant includes unlimited streaming of more than 15,000 popular movies and TV episodes. When the two programmes combine, Prime will be offered at the low price of £79 a year – a 35% savings for all the benefits of the two previously separate services. As a special offer customers can lock in a full year of Prime at £49 until 26 February. Current Prime members can enjoy unlimited streaming at their current price until their renewal date. Customers who are not already members can start a 30-day free trial of Amazon Prime by visiting www.amazon.co.uk/prime. Amazon is increasing investment in exclusive content and original programming only available through Prime Instant Video, which gives subscribers unlimited streaming of more than 15,000 popular movies and TV episodes. Members will have unlimited access to exclusive movies such as The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, The Hangover Part II, One Direction: This Is Us, Friends with Benefits and Alvin and the Chipmunks: Chipwrecked, as well as TV shows such as The Walking Dead, Dexter, Vikings, Downton Abbey, Desperate Housewives, and children’s favourites Peppa Pig, Fireman Sam, and SpongeBob SquarePants. They will also have exclusive access to Amazon original TV series Alpha House starring John Goodman at launch and Betas, which debuts soon. For more information about Amazon Prime, visit www.amazon.co.uk/prime. For more information about Prime Instant Video, visit www.amazon.co.uk/primevideo. -Ends- Amazon.co.uk Ltd Press Office: For more information please contact the Amazon.co.uk Ltd Press Office on 0208 636 9280 or email pressoffice@amazon.co.uk. -Notes to Editors- About Amazon Studios Since its launch in November 2010, more than 20,000 movie scripts and 6,000 series projects have been submitted to Amazon Studios. The original series announced today are the second set of series pilots for Amazon Studios. Amazon Studios continues to invite series creators to upload their proposals for comedy and children’s programming at studios.amazon.com/getting-started/series or submit them privately via Amazon Studios. About Amazon Studios Pilots Read more about the 10 new drama, comedy and kids pilots from acclaimed writers here: About Amazon.co.uk Amazon.co.uk opened its virtual doors in October 1998 and strives to be Earth’s most customer-centric company, where customers can find and discover anything they might want to buy online, and endeavours to offer its customers the lowest possible prices. Amazon.co.uk and other sellers offer millions of new, refurbished and used items in categories such as Baby, Books, Car & Motorbike, Clothing, DIY & Tools, DVD, Electronics & Photo, Grocery, Health & Beauty, Home & Garden, Jewellery, MP3, Music, Musical Instruments & DJ, Office, PC, Pet Supplies, Shoes, Software, Sports & Leisure, Toys & Games, Video Games and Watches. Kindle Paperwhite is our most-advanced e-reader ever with 62% more pixels and 25% increased contrast, a patented built-in front light for reading in all lighting conditions, extra-long battery life, and a thin and light design.  The new latest generation Kindle, the lightest and smallest Kindle, now features new, improved fonts and faster page turns. Kindle Fire HD is our most-advanced tablet, with a stunning customised high-definition display, exclusive Dolby audio with dual stereo speakers, high-end laptop-grade Wi-Fi with dual-band support and dual antennas/MIMO, enough storage for HD content, and the latest generation processor and graphics engine. The all-new Kindle Fire features a faster processor for 40% faster performance, twice the memory, and longer battery life. Amazon Web Services provides Amazon's developer customers with access to in-the-cloud infrastructure services based on Amazon's own back-end technology platform, which developers can use to enable virtually any type of business. Amazon.co.uk is a trading name for Amazon EU S.à.r.l, Amazon Services Europe S.à.r.l and Amazon Media EU S.à.r.l. All three are wholly owned subsidiaries of global online retailer Amazon.com, Inc (NASDAQ:AMZN), located in Seattle, Washington. Amazon and its affiliates operate websites, including www.amazon.com, www.amazon.co.uk, www.amazon.de, www.amazon.co.jp, www.amazon.fr, www.amazon.ca, www.amazon.cn, www.amazon.it, www.amazon.es and www.amazon.com.br. As used herein, “Amazon.com,” “we,” “our” and similar terms include Amazon.com, Inc., and its subsidiaries, unless the context indicates otherwise. Forward-Looking Statements This announcement contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Actual results may differ significantly from management's expectations. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that include, among others, risks related to competition, management of growth, new products, services and technologies, potential fluctuations in operating results, international expansion, outcomes of legal proceedings and claims, fulfillment center optimization, seasonality, commercial agreements, acquisitions and strategic transactions, foreign exchange rates, system interruption, inventory, government regulation and taxation, payments and fraud. More information about factors that potentially could affect Amazon.com's financial results is included in Amazon.com's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including its most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent filings. Amazon Web Services provides Amazon's developer customers with access to in-the-cloud infrastructure services based on Amazon's own back-end technology platform, which developers can use to enable virtually any type of business. Amazon.co.uk is a trading name for Amazon EU S.a.r.l, Amazon Services Europe S.a.r.l and Amazon Media EU S.a.r.l. All three are wholly owned subsidiaries of global online retailer Amazon.com, Inc (NASDAQ:AMZN), located in Seattle, Washington. Amazon and its affiliates operate websites, including www.amazon.com, www.amazon.co.uk, www.amazon.de, www.amazon.co.jp, www.amazon.fr, www.amazon.ca, www.amazon.cn, www.amazon.it, and www.amazon.es. As used herein, “Amazon.com,” “we,” “our” and similar terms include Amazon.com, Inc., and its subsidiaries, unless the context indicates otherwise.
