Fire offered at a remarkable price on O2 Refresh—£0 upfront on the £33 tariff, with a full year of Amazon Prime included for a limited time Seamless integration with Amazon’s vast ecosystem—over 33 million songs, apps, games, movies, TV shows, books and more Advanced, 13MP rear-facing camera with Best Shot and free unlimited cloud storage for photos Live video tech support with a simple press of the Mayday button—24x7, 365 days a year New breakthrough innovations—Dynamic Perspective, Firefly button and more Amazon exclusives with ASAP, X-Ray and Second Screen Luxembourg —September 30, 2014—Amazon today announced Fire, the first smartphone designed by Amazon, is now shipping to customers in the UK. Fire is available at www.o2.co.uk/fire and in O2 stores nationwide today. Fire comes with great value packed in – customers receive free unlimited cloud storage for photos taken on Fire and live video tech support with Mayday. Additionally, for a limited time (until 31 December 2014), Fire customers will receive a full year of Amazon Prime membership included. Fire is available with 32GB or 64GB on O2 Refresh and starts at £0 upfront on the £33 tariff with 2GB data. Fire is the only smartphone with Dynamic Perspective and Firefly, two new breakthrough technologies that allow you to see and interact with the world through a whole new lens. “We can’t wait for our UK customers to experience Amazon Fire for themselves,” said Jorrit Van der Meulen, Vice President, EU Amazon Devices. “Fire offers amazing value for customers with access to Amazon-exclusive content and services, including one year of Prime, Mayday, ASAP, unlimited cloud storage for photos taken with the device, premium hardware with 32GB of memory standard and innovative features like Dynamic Perspective and Firefly.” “We’re excited to be bringing Fire exclusively to O2 customers,” said Nina Bibby, Marketing and Consumer Director, O2. “Our customers love being the first to get their hands on innovative new devices, and with exciting new technology such as Dynamic Perspective and Firefly we encourage customers to visit their nearest O2 Store and experience Fire for themselves.” Built with Gorilla Glass 3 for the rear and front, aluminium buttons, stainless steel details and a rubberised polyurethane grip area, Fire is optimised for durability and powerful performance. Fire features a quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 2.2 GHz processor, 2GB of RAM, and a 4.7-inch HD display, along with an advanced imaging system with a 13MP rear-facing camera with backside illumination, LED flash, 5-element f/2.0 lens, optical image stabilisation (OIS), and high dynamic range (HDR) capabilities for beautiful, crisp photos, even in low-light conditions. Fire also includes a 2.1MP front-facing camera. Both front and rear-facing cameras record smooth 1080p HD videos. Fire seamlessly integrates Amazon’s vast digital ecosystem for instant access to over 33 million songs, apps, games, movies, TV shows, books, audiobooks and magazines, including thousands of exclusives. Customers can also take advantage of an introductory, limited time offer—buy Fire and get 12 months of Amazon Prime included— unlimited one-day shipping on 7 million items, unlimited streaming of more than 15,000 popular movies and TV shows with Prime Instant Video and over 500,000 books to borrow from the Kindle Owners’ Lending Library. The Amazon Appstore has seen tremendous growth since the Fire phone launch. With the availability of the device in UK, Fire customers will find great local titles such as BBC iPlayer, BBC Weather, Virgin TV Anywhere and thetrainline, as well as internationally recognised titles such as Angry Birds Stella, Plex, LEGO Star Wars: The New Yoda Chronicles and Soundhound. Learn more about the Fire developer SDK at http://developer.amazon.com/firephone. Available from today, Fire comes with 32GB or 64GB on O2 Refresh and starts at £0 upfront on the £33 tariff with 2GB data. Fire will run exclusively on O2’s superfast, multi-layered network in the UK. O2 runs 2G, 3G and 4G networks across the country and invests the equivalent of over £1.5m every day ensuring the best possible experience for its customers. For further information visit www.O2.co.uk/fire or to find your nearest O2 Store go to www.O2.co.uk/storelocator ### Read more about Fire in the launch press release here. For high-resolution images, visit: www.amazon.co.uk/pr. About Amazon.com Amazon opened on the World Wide Web in July 1995. The company is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire phone, Fire tablets, and Fire TV are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon.
