A curated list of a lifetime of essential reads from the Amazon.co.uk Books and Kindle editorial team Luxembourg — 7th May, 2014—Amazon.co.uk today announced 100 Books to Read in a Lifetime, a new editorially-curated list of essential books. This list was hand-selected by the Amazon.co.uk Books and Kindle editorial team and is available at www.amazon.co.uk/100books. “With 100 Books to Read in a Lifetime, we set out to build a roadmap of a literary life that takes readers from their childhood favourites through to modern classics, and all the best books in between,” said Ezequiel Szafir, Vice President, Kindle Content, EU. “Over many months, the team passionately debated and defended the books we wanted on this list, now we can’t wait to hear what customers have to say about our selection.” The list of 100 Books to Read in a Lifetime encompasses a wide variety of fiction and nonfiction, written by authors from around the world, with books that span many decades. The books have been listed alphabetically by title. Some fun facts about the 100 Books: Oldest book on the list: Gulliver’s Travels by Jonathan Swift (1726) Most recently published book on the list: The Sense of an Ending by Julian Barnes (2011) Number of books on the list written by UK authors: 65 Books on the list that inspired the most internal debate: Freakonomics by Steven D. Levitt and Stephen J. Dubner, In Cold Blood by Truman Capote, Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas by Hunter S. Thompson and Stormbreaker by Anthony Horowitz A few books that were unanimously chosen: Lord of the Flies by William Golding, Trainspotting by Irvine Welsh and Bridget Jones’s Diary by Helen Fielding The book each editor most wished had made the list (but didn’t): Catcher in the Rye by JD Salinger, On the Road by Jack Kerouac, Wolf Hall by Hilary Mantel and Sophie’s World by Jostein Gaarder To see a complete list of the 100 Books to Read in a Lifetime, visit www.amazon.co.uk/100books. Cast your own votes for the 100 Books to Read in a Lifetime: Reader Picks at Goodreads. -ends- For further information please contact: Amazon.co.uk Ltd Press Office Email: pressoffice@amazon.co.uk Tel: 0208 636 9280 About Amazon.co.uk Amazon.co.uk opened its virtual doors in October 1998 and strives to be Earth’s most customer-centric company, where customers can find and discover anything they might want to buy online, and endeavours to offer its customers the lowest possible prices. Amazon.co.uk and other sellers offer millions of new, refurbished and used items in categories such as Baby, Books, Car & Motorbike, Clothing, DIY & Tools, DVD, Electronics & Photo, Grocery, Health & Beauty, Home & Garden, Jewellery, MP3, Music, Musical Instruments & DJ, Office, PC, Pet Supplies, Shoes, Software, Sports & Leisure, Toys & Games, Video Games and Watches. Kindle is the world's bestselling e-reader family and Kindle Paperwhite is our most advanced e-reader. It features new display technology with higher contrast, the next generation built-in light, a faster processor, the latest touch technology, and exclusive new features designed from the ground up for readers. Kindle, the lightest and smallest Kindle, features improved fonts and faster page turns. The new Kindle Fire HDX features a stunning exclusive 7" or 8.9" HDX display, a quad-core 2.2 GHz processor, 2x more memory, and 11 hours of battery life, as well as exclusive new features of Fire OS 3.0. The all-new Kindle Fire HD includes an HD display, high-performance processor and dual speakers at a breakthrough price. Amazon Web Services provides Amazon's developer customers with access to in-the-cloud infrastructure services based on Amazon's own back-end technology platform, which developers can use to enable virtually any type of business. Amazon.co.uk is a trading name for Amazon EU S.à.r.l, Amazon Services Europe S.à.r.l and Amazon Media EU S.à.r.l. All three are wholly owned subsidiaries of global online retailer Amazon.com, Inc (NASDAQ:AMZN), located in Seattle, Washington. Amazon and its affiliates operate websites, including http://www.amazon.com/, http://www.amazon.co.uk/, http://www.amazon.de/, http://www.amazon.co.jp/, http://www.amazon.fr/, http://www.amazon.ca/, http://www.amazon.cn/, http://www.amazon.it/, http://www.amazon.es/, http://www.amazon.com.br/, http://www.amazon.in/, and http://www.amazon.com.mx/. As used herein, “Amazon.com,” “we,” “our” and similar terms include Amazon.com, Inc., and its subsidiaries, unless the context indicates otherwise. Forward-Looking Statements This announcement contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Actual results may differ significantly from management's expectations. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that include, among others, risks related to competition, management of growth, new products, services and technologies, potential fluctuations in operating results, international expansion, outcomes of legal proceedings and claims, fulfillment center optimization, seasonality, commercial agreements, acquisitions and strategic transactions, foreign exchange rates, system interruption, inventory, government regulation and taxation, payments and fraud. More information about factors that potentially could affect Amazon.com's financial results is included in Amazon.com's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including its most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent filings.
