The addition of 15-storey Principal Place in Shoreditch to current offices will provide Amazon with total capacity for over 5,000 employees in London London to become the new home of Amazon in the UK with all corporate employees to be located in the capital by the summer of 2015 Slough – 11th September 2014: Amazon today announced that it will open a new corporate office in Shoreditch in 2017. The addition of Principal Place to current offices, through a new lease agreement, will provide Amazon with total capacity for over 5,000 London employees as it continues to invest, expand and create new jobs within the UK. Amazon currently employs around 1,700 employees in its UK offices. “We have already invested well over £1 billion and created more than 7,000 permanent jobs across the UK,” said Christopher North, Managing Director of Amazon.co.uk Ltd. “To support our continued growth in the UK, we have secured this exceptional building giving us the capacity to hire thousands of new employees in London in the coming years, in addition to the thousands of permanent roles we will create across our UK fulfilment and customer service centres.” Amazon has also announced that all corporate employees will be located in London by the summer of 2015 across three offices within the capital. The Mayor of London, Boris Johnson, said: “Our city is the perfect home for top tech talent and I am very pleased that Amazon have confirmed their intention to create thousands of new jobs at a major new base in east London. We are proving time and again that we have the right places and people to support this vibrant sector.” Located on Norton Folgate, between Liverpool Street and Shoreditch High Street stations, Principal Place is a mixed-use development with a 600,000 sq ft, 15 storey office building and an adjacent residential tower. Construction will commence later this month and Amazon will take residence in 431,000 sq ft of office space in 2017, following the development’s completion in 2016. Principal Place will also provide half an acre of public piazza and events space and 20,000 sq ft of retail, including cafés and restaurants offering alfresco dining. More information about Principal Place can be found at the following link: http://www.principalplace.co.uk/ Brookfield Property Partners are the developers responsible for Principal Place. Martin Jepson, President and COO of Brookfield Property Partners’ European Office Division said: “Over the last few years Brookfield has made a significant investment in London and this agreement with Amazon continues the momentum that Brookfield has generated in London. When combined with our adjoining residential tower which we are planning to start early in the New Year, Principal Place is destined to become the ‘go to’ link between the City and the media-tech sector in Hackney and Shoreditch. We are delighted to have signed a lease agreement with such a prestigious anchor tenant and we can now turn our attentions to moving the development forward.” Amazon currently has two corporate offices in London - 60 Holborn Viaduct which opened last year and the Amazon Development Centre which opened on Glasshouse Yard, near the Barbican, in 2012. To provide additional capacity for growth in London in the lead up to the opening of Principal Place in 2017, Amazon will also take temporary occupancy of 1 Leadenhall Court in April 2015. -ends- For more information contact the Amazon Press Office: www.amazon.co.uk/pr About Amazon Amazon opened on the World Wide Web in July 1995. The company is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, and long-term thinking.  Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalised recommendations, Prime, Fulfilment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire phone, Fire tablets, and Fire TV are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. About Brookfield Brookfield Property Partners (NYSE: BPY; TSX: BPY.UN) is a global commercial property company that owns, operates and invests in best-in-class office, retail, industrial, multifamily and hotel assets. The office division owns, develops and manages premier office properties in the United States, Canada, Australia and the United Kingdom. Its portfolio is comprised of interests in 197 properties totaling 98 million square feet in the downtown cores of New York, Washington, D.C., Houston, Los Angeles, Toronto, Calgary, Ottawa, London, Sydney, Melbourne and Perth, making Brookfield the global leader in the ownership and management of office assets. Landmark properties include Brookfield Places in Manhattan, Toronto and Perth, Bank of America Plaza in Los Angeles, Bankers Hall in Calgary and Darling Park in Sydney. For more information, visit www.brookfieldpropertypartners.com Contact: UK Smithfield Ged Brumby, Director +44 (0) 20 7903 0674; gbrumby@smithfieldgroup.com US & Canada Brookfield Office Properties Melissa Coley, VP, Investor Relations and Communications(212) 417-7215; melissa.coley@brookfield.com
