Luxembourg – 7th July 2014: Amazon.co.uk has today launched a Wearable Technology Store (www.amazon.co.uk/wearabletechnology), featuring more than 100 different wearable devices including activity trackers, smart watches, smart glasses, wearable cameras and more. As well as items from top brands including Sony, Samsung, Garmin, Jawbone and GoPro, the store will feature products from emerging brands like Basis and Misfit. Customers will be able to learn about devices which are ‘coming soon’ and be amongst the first to purchase the latest technology by pre-ordering new releases, including the A. Sauvage Wireless Charging Trousers. “The advances in wearable technology mean that customers can now charge their phone through their clothing, monitor their sleep patterns and even track their pets,” commented Xavier Garambois, Vice President of EU Retail at Amazon. “This new store allows customers to find whatever they are looking for in one place – whether that is tracking fitness, staying connected through smart watches or capturing every adventure with wearable cameras.” “Sales of wearable technology devices have taken off in the last year with many customers already using them on a daily basis,” said Andrew Milliken, Director of Consumer Electronics at Amazon.co.uk Ltd. “With designs continually becoming simpler, smaller, and more stylish, devices have become increasingly useful and fit seamlessly into everyday life. As well as offering the biggest selection, the focus is also on providing customers with all the information they need to understand these new devices and make the best possible choice.” The new store also features a ‘Learning Centre’ including product details, compatibility information, images and videos, reviews and in-depth buying guides, as well as the latest expert recommendations. The majority of products are eligible for fast delivery through Amazon Prime, making it quick and easy for customers to enjoy wearable technology. Epson Moverio BT-200 Augmented Reality Android Smart Glasses RRP £569 A. Sauvage Wireless Charging Trousers RRP £889 Garmin Forerunner 15 Large GPS Running Watch RRP £139.99 Fitbit Flex Wireless Activity + Sleep Wristband RRP £79.99 UP24 by Jawbone Wireless Activity and Sleep Tracking Wristband for iOS and Android RRP £124.99 Tractive GPS Pet Tracker RRP £149.99 Nike+ SportWatch GPS Powered by TomTom RRP £129 GoPro Hero3: White Edition – (131’/40m Waterproof Housing) RRP £299.99 Withings Wireless Blood Pressure Monitor RRP £109.95 For further information, images or samples please contact Jessica or Suzi on 020 7351 4719 or email Jessica@ideasnetwork.co.uk Stockist enquiries: www.Amazon.co.uk Notes to editors: Amazon Prime now offers members unlimited One-Day Delivery on over 7 million items, access to 500,000 Kindle books to borrow and unlimited streaming of more than 15,000 popular movies and TV episodes through Prime Instant Video. Prime is available at the low price of £79 a year. For more information, visit www.amazon.co.uk/prime. Details of other delivery options can be found at www.amazon.co.uk/delivery. Prices are correct at time of going to print and apply to purchases from Amazon.co.uk. For latest prices, please visit Amazon.co.uk. Amazon, the Amazon logo and Amazon.co.uk are registered trademarks of Amazon EU SARL or its affiliates. About Amazon.com Amazon opened on the World Wide Web in July 1995. The company is guided by three principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, and long-term thinking.  Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire phone, Fire tablets, and Fire TV are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon.
