Luxembourg, 12 November 2014: Amazon has partnered with London-based jewellery designer, Solange Azagury-Partridge, for an exclusive collection of silver necklaces for Christmas, named ‘The Talisman Collection’. The collection comprises five necklaces each with a hand painted pendant of an iconic Solange design - ‘lips’, ‘eye’, ‘sun’, ‘heart’ and ‘rainbow’ on an oxidised silver chain. The limited edition pieces are available at the Amazon Jewellery Boutique, www.amazon.co.uk/solange, priced at £480 each. "We have a growing portfolio of exciting jewellery designers at Amazon and we are delighted to add Solange Azagury-Partridge to our collection for Christmas”, said Julian-Exposito Bader, Head of Vendor Management for Jewellery and Watches at Amazon.co.uk Ltd. "Owning a piece of Solange jewellery is something many dream of and this is a great opportunity to add a piece of Solange's iconic work to your wardrobe for under £500."  “I am delighted to be working with Amazon Fashion. My raison d’être is designing jewellery that brings a sense of joy to life. I hope this collection achieves that”, said Solange. Talking about her designs Solange explains, “The symbols featured on the pendants are the icons which consistently run throughout my jewellery collections. They are everyday, colour-saturated talismans to wear and lift the spirits. The ‘On Fire’ pendant symbolises an explosion of love and is my take on the classic ‘sacred heart’ motif, the ‘Rainbow pendant ‘symbolises colour therapy and is a celebration of a phenomena that is a constant source of inspiration to me, the ‘Eye Pendant’ represents a window to the soul and has a protective feel, working against the evil eye! The ‘Sunshine pendant’ is to bring a little brightness to every day of the year, evoking the cleansing energy of light and the ‘Kisses pendant’ offers never ending kisses, this is one of my most recognised motifs re-imagined for this collection”.   The collection is available to buy exclusively at www.amazon.co.uk/solange from 12th November 2014. - ENDS - For more information about Amazon Fashion please contact Katie Keenan at the Amazon Press Office kkeenan@amazon.co.uk.   About the Amazon.co.uk Jewellery Boutique The Amazon.co.uk Jewellery Boutique, www.amazon.co.uk/jewelleryboutique offers a wide range of luxury and high-fashion jewellery brands from renowned British and International designers. Featured designers include Mawi London, Jade Jagger, Iosselliani and Lara Bohinc. About Amazon Fashion Amazon Fashion brings together top brands and retailers at one, convenient shopping destination.  Globally, Amazon has 35 million active customers shopping for fashion. About Amazon.co.uk Fashion Fashion is one of the fastest growing categories at Amazon.co.uk.  During the last week of November 2013, Amazon.co.uk announced it had taken orders for more than one million items of clothing and shoes in one week.  In 2012 and 2013 Amazon partnered with design duo Meadham Kirchhoff to create a capsule sweatshirt collection (AW12) and a capsule scarf collection (AW13).  For SS14 Amazon.co.uk worked with aerial photographer Jason Hawkes to create a capsule collection of men’s pocket squares featuring iconic London landmarks, to celebrate London Collections:Men.  In September 2014 Amazon announced a partnership with British based designer Osman for a capsule collection for AW14.  Amazon.co.uk Fashion is a patron of the British Fashion Council. About Amazon.com Amazon opened on the World Wide Web in July 1995. The company is guided by three principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, and long-term thinking.  Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire, and Fire TV are some of the services pioneered by Amazon.
