Babraham Institute Boosts Data Availability with HP HP Networking provides researchers with faster access to bandwidth-hungry next-generation genome sequencing data CAMBRIDGE, UK, 17th September, 2014 – HP today announced that the Babraham Institute, Cambridge, UK, has selected a high-speed core-to-edge HP Networking solution to give its researchers faster access to bandwidth-hungry data. The new HP network unifies the Institute’s voice and data communications, enabling rapid sharing of next-generation genome sequencing data. It also facilitates the delivery of shared IT services to Institute researchers, commercial tenants leasing space in the Babraham Research Campus buildings, and external academic collaborators. The Babraham Institute, which receives strategic funding from the Biotechnology and Biological Sciences Research Council (BBSRC), undertakes international quality life sciences research focused on signalling and genome regulation to generate new knowledge of the biological mechanisms underpinning ageing, development and the maintenance of health. “Our researchers constantly require the transfer of massive amounts of data between stores and workstations for their everyday work – and it has to be fast,” says Chris Greenwood, Head of Computing, the Babraham Institute. “HP’s flexible, scalable FlexNetwork technology allows us to connect legacy networks between our data centres and gives us the opportunity to increase transfer speeds to 40GB.” HP FlexNetwork architecture provides an agile, scalable platform for the Babraham Institute’s data and voice communications, improving the availability of complex data. High-density, ultra-low-latency, HP 5900 Series Switches deliver the reliability and bandwidth necessary for wire-speed communications, while new HP 5900 Converged Port models enable complete convergence of the Institute’s local area network (LAN) and storage area network (SAN). In addition to supporting 10GB Ethernet, native FibreChannel and FCoE in a single platform, the HP switches provide wire-once connectivity with universal transceivers. “The new HP Networking solution allows us to upgrade connectivity to our core services and workstations without replacing physical hardware,” says Carrick Kennedy, Networks Manager, the Babraham Institute. “As well as providing flexibility through additional plug-in modules, it gives us the ability to mix and match copper and fibre 1GB /10GB /40GB interfaces to meet increasing user demands, and a licence-free operating system for all features helps to reduce operational costs.” For maximum reliability, the HP switches are consolidated into a virtualised fabric with HP’s Intelligent Resilient Framework (IRF) technology, which reduces the Institute’s network complexity, minimises management effort and increases resilience by enabling simultaneous active 40GB links across both data centers. HP Intelligent Management Centre (IMC) software unifies the management of all the Institute’s LAN/SAN resources, services and users, helping to converge the physical and virtual worlds. “Universities and research institutions require networks that are powerful and agile enough to support increasingly bandwidth-hungry applications, dynamically changing workloads, and an ever more mobile and collaborative user base,” says Sean Brown, UK Head of HP Networking. ”HP Networking provides a scalable SDN-ready architecture for the Babraham Institute’s evolving IT needs.”
