InterContinental Hotels Group Awards Business Process Services Contract to HP HP’s strategic approach will help IHG further transform its industry-leading human resources function LONDON, June 17, 2014 — HP today announced that IHG(InterContinental Hotels Group) has signed an agreement with HP forthe provision of HP Business Process Services (BPS) to IHG’s24,000 employees in Asia, Europe and North America. The agreement, which will involve the implementation of a fast,effective Workday HR solution, will further strengthen IHG’s humanresources function and provide employees with best-in-classservices delivered across multiple devices including laptops,smartphones and tablets. Headquartered in London, IHG is a global organisation with a broadportfolio of nine hotel brands including InterContinental® Hotels& Resorts, Hotel Indigo®, Crowne Plaza® Hotels & Resorts,Holiday Inn® Hotels & Resorts, Holiday Inn Express®, StaybridgeSuites®, Candlewood Suites®, EVEN™ Hotels and HUALUXE® Hotels andResorts. IHG franchises, leases, manages or owns over 4,700 hotelsand 688,000 guest rooms in nearly 100 countries and territories,with more than 1,100 hotels in its development pipeline. “At IHG, our people arecritical to our success: they are our competitive advantage and atthe heart of our ambitious growth plans,” says Tracy Robbins,Executive Vice President, Human Resources and Group OperationsSupport, IHG. “It istherefore vital that our industry-leading HR function continues toevolve in order to support the changing needs of the business andour employees. Given the scale of our business, it is critical thatthis happens in a globally consistent manner which complements andenhances our Employee Brand. Our new relationship with HP will helpus do just that.” HP has managed its own as well as clients’ Workday implementations,proving its ability to quickly and effectively deploy in globalbusiness environments. Through its relationship with Workday, HPwill provide future enhancements that will continually improveservice quality and user experience for IHG employees. “Hospitality is one of thehighest-touch industries, so companies like IHG are in a uniqueposition to improve operational efficiencies through technology andcreate a community among employees to support their guestservices,” says Danila Meirlaen, Vice President, WorldwideBusiness Process Services, HP. “With this agreement, HP isnot simply taking over IHG’s HR processes. We will be workingalongside IHG as a trusted advisor who understands the companyculture and will align complex, strategic processes with businessgoals to drive higher value for IHG.”
