Ardagh Group Seamlessly Connects Employees, Applications and Data Around the World with HP HP Networking solution helps Ireland-based global packaging producer improve IT services for 20,000 users September 8, 2014 – HP today announced that global packaging producer Ardagh Group has seamlessly connected its users, applications and data in 25 countries around the world by standardizing on a unified core-to-edge wired and wireless HP Networking solution. Replacing its mixed legacy network with a $1million investment in HP has enabled the Ardagh Group to boost IT reliability and reduce the load on its IT team while lowering costs. Headquartered in Luxembourg, Ardagh Group produces glass and metal packaging primarily for the food and beverage sectors, and operates from over 100 locations worldwide. The company employs approximately 20,000 people and produces 32 billion containers per year. “Significant growth through acquisitions over the last few years had left us with a legacy environment that couldn’t be easily scaled to meet our growing requirements,” says John Hampson, CIO, Ardagh Group. “Moving to a scalable core-to-edge HP Networking solution has enabled us to consolidate, standardize and virtualize our worldwide communications platform. As a result, we can provide a higher level of IT services to our user community.” Standardizing globally on HP Networking has reduced Ardagh’s network complexity and helped enable business continuity. The wired and wireless HP Networking solution delivers a consistent, simplified network with high availability, centralised management and wire-speed connectivity. “With increasing pressure on IT resources to support business transformation, global manufacturers like Ardagh need a network that is easy to manage and scale,” says Martin Murphy, managing director, HP Ireland. “The fully unified, open standards-based HP Networking solution has increased the company’s IT manageability and flexibility while reducing IT support costs.” Purchased through HP Partner Vodafone Ireland, the HP Networking solution has delivered higher performance with the scalability to expand as the Ardagh Group’s IT needs evolve. “This implementation demonstrates how HP’s commitment to technically excellent solutions alongside Vodafone Ireland’s skilled technical pre- and post-sales teams can positively impact business efficiency,” says Steve Mac Nicholas, Head of Enterprise Customer Solutions, Vodafone Ireland. “Our partnership with HP continues to be vital to our success in providing total communications services to organisations across the country.”
