HP Helps Printing Customers Reduce Environmental Impact With more than 75 percent of ink cartridges made with recycled plastic, HP is helping customers save resources and generate less waste London, U.K. April 29, 2014 — HP today announced that more than 75percent of its ink cartridges and 24 percent of HP LaserJet tonercartridges are now manufactured with “closed loop” recycledplastic.(1) Thismilestone represents a 50 percent increase in the number of HP inkcartridges manufactured with recycled content in the last year,giving customers more options for purchasing cartridges made withrecycled content. As part of the company’s Living Progress strategyfor driving human, economic and environmental progress, HP isidentifying opportunities for action and innovation to create abetter future. Through these innovations in plastics, HP is helpingcustomers reduce their environmental impact and reduce the overallenvironmental impact of product use. “Our customers wanthigh-quality printed content for both business and personaldocuments—without breaking their budget or compromising theircommitment to environmental responsibility,” said StephenNigro, senior vice president, Inkjet and Printing Solutions, HP.“From cartridges withrecycled plastic to energy-efficient printing products andwaste-reducing packaging design, we are offering customerssolutions that make it easy for them to enjoy cost and resourcesavings in their everyday lives.” HP’s industry-leading “closed loop” cartridge recycling processuses recycled plastic from returned HP cartridges as well asplastic from other sources, including recycled plastic bottles andplastic apparel hangers to create new Original HP ink cartridges. Reusing engineered materials, HP has contributed to the “circulareconomy” by: • Keeping 566 million returned HP cartridges out of landfills since1991. • Using 2.5 billion post-consumer plastic bottles to manufacturenew HP ink cartridges since 2005. • Incorporating 1.1 million pounds of recycled apparel hangers intothe most recent expansion of the recycling process.(2) • Manufacturing more than 2 billion Original HP ink and tonercartridges made with recycled content.(3) • Delivering recycled plastic from HP’s “closed loop” recyclingprocess with a 33 percent lower carbon footprint and 54 percentlower fossil fuel consumption in its production than newplastic.(4) HP Planet Partners islaunched in Morocco HP also announces today that its HP Planet Partners supplies returnand recycling program is now live in Morocco, joining more than 50countries worldwide including 34 countries in EMEA with thisprogram. Corporate customers and SMBs throughout Morocco can now benefitfrom simple, convenient recycling of Original HP inkjet andLaserJet supplies. To make it easy for customers, HP offers customers free andconvenient cartridge recycling through the HP Planet Partnersprogram. Customers can return used cartridges through HP’s retailand reseller partners by dropping cartridges off at one of 9,000 drop-off locations around the world orby returning cartridges directly to HP by visiting www.hp.com/recycle. These advances join a portfolio of printing products and servicesthat further enable customers to reduce their environmental impact: • Business users can choose products from the HP OfficejetEnterprise X series to achieve energy savings and use 50 to 90percent less cartridge and packaging material than color laserprinters.(5) • Office users also can save energy and money by choosing HPLaserJet products that offer an average of 11 to 35 percent energysavings during printing through HP’s energy-efficient toner. (6) Additionally,features such as Auto-On/Auto-Off and PowerSave mode help customersachieve further energy savings while HP’s SureSupplyprogram enables streamlined purchase of cartridges with recycledcontent.(1) This progress is part of HP’s ongoing commitment to bring ourpeople and technology together to solve society’s challenges,empowering our customers—from consumers and small businesses toenterprises—to make more responsible choices when printing. (1) Ink cartridgesthat include recycled plastic contain 50-70 percent recycledplastic; HP LaserJet toner cartridges that include recycled plasticcontain 10-20 percent recycled plastic (2) Sinceintroduction of hanger program in October 2013 (3) As of Q1 FY14. (4) Data andassumptions drawn from a 2014 life cycle assessment performed byFour Elements Consulting and commissioned by HP. (5) For OfficejetEnterprise X series, performance compared with the majority ofcolor laser MFPs ≤$3,000 USD based on market share as reported byIDC as of Q3 2013. Calculation compares weight of supplies andcartridge packaging needed for similar amount of pages based on ISOyield and continuous printing (6) Energy savingscalculation is based on HP’s black-and-white and color SF LaserJetprinters comparing the energy-efficient toner in the most recentprinter within a class to its legacy printer with conventionaltoner. The stated energy consumption, during printing, is dividedby the printer’s pages per minute. Actual savings may vary.
