HP Enables Large-Format Graphics Customers to Break Application Boundaries HP Latex 300 Printer series and HP Designjet Z-series production printers help customers grow their businesses London, UK April 23, 2014 — HP today announced the new HP Latex 300Printer series, helping sign shops, quick printers and small tomedium print service providers (PSPs) easily expand large-formatprinting capabilities, offer new application areas and build ahealthier production environment.(1) Small and medium PSPs have long used traditional eco-solvent inkdevices for outdoor print jobs, which lengthen turnaround times andlimit application versatility. Powered by third-generation,water-based HP Latex inktechnology, the HP Latex 300 Printer series helps low-volumecustomers efficiently handle more outdoor and indoor applicationswith improved durability and image quality. “Small to medium PSPs facethe challenge of simultaneously addressing more applications toreach more customers while reducing costs and fitting in smallerspaces,” said Stephen Nigro, senior vice president, Graphicsand Inkjet Solutions Business, HP. “Backed by proven HP LatexTechnology, the new HP Latex 300 Printer series addresses theseneeds with durable quality and easy operation, helping customersbreak application boundaries and establish a competitiveadvantage.” Also for small to medium PSPs, HP is introducing the industry’sfastest 60-inch large-format inkjet printers, the HP DesignjetZ6600 Production Printer and HP Designjet Z6800 Photo ProductionPrinter.(2) New series acceleratestransition from solvent to HP Latex Introduced in 2008, HP Latex Printing Technology has established anew large-format product category with more than 19,000 unitsinstalled worldwide.(3) Offering a completeportfolio for the low-volume market, the new HP Latex 300 Printerseries features a range of price points, sizes and productionlevels to serve customers from small sign shops to higher-volumePSPs. Helping customers transition more pages from solvent devices, HP831 Latex Inks offer scratch resistance comparable to hard solventinks(4) on PVCbanners and vinyls, while the HP Latex Optimizer enables highquality at high speeds. Third-generation HP Latex inks alsocontribute to a healthier work environment,(1) with odorlessprints(5) that comeout completely dry, ready to finish and deliver. • Designed for easy operation in small spaces, the entry-level,54-inch HP Latex 310 Printer offers the benefits of HP Latex in acompact model with front-media loading to maximize the productionarea. Optimized for the HP Latex 310 and 330 Printers, theeasy-to-use SAi FlexiPRINT HP Basic Edition Raster Image Processor(RIP) software is bundled with these printers.(6) • The 64-inch HP Latex 330 Printer combines application versatilitywith affordability, handling larger, heavier rolls and printing upto 538 ft2/hr (50 m2/hr). • The higher-volume, 64-inch HP Latex 360 Printer prints up to 978ft2/hr (91 m2/hr) and increases application versatility with an inkcollector for porous textiles.(7) The printer alsofeatures automatic front-to-back registration for printingdouble-sided banners. “As a long-time solventuser, we recently began exploring HP Latex Technology to replaceour outdated solvent device,” said George Beitner, owner andfounder, All Star Signs. “Since installing the HP Latex360 Printer, not only are we able to print three times faster thanwith our solvent device, we also decreased project turnaround timefrom one to two days to 24 hours. This difference alone hasdramatically impacted how we do business.” New HP Designjetprinters built for high speed and unrivaled imagequality(8) The new HP Designjet Z6600 Production Printer and HP DesignjetZ6800 Photo Production Printer increase productivity with printspeeds up to 50 percent faster than previous HP devices.(8) Additionally, theseprinters are uniquely designed to deliver high-value indoorapplications and gallery-quality prints, with durable output thatlast up to 200 years.(9) • The HP Designjet Z6600 Production Printer prints more efficientlythan its predecessor using up to 30 percent less ink,(10) saving time andcosts with an optimized ink configuration. • The HP Designjet Z6800 Photo Production Printer producestop-quality prints at high speeds with advanced color managementfeatures, including an embedded spectrophotometer, as well as HPChromatic Red Ink for a wider color gamut and uniform gloss.(11) “We collaborate with alarge network of professional photographers who demand top qualityat high volumes, making image quality and productivity critical towhat we look for in a printer,” said Oscar G. Farell,marketing director, AP Photo Industries. “The speed and reliability ofthe new HP Designjet Z6800 Printer not only meets and exceeds ourcore needs, it has allowed us to transition jobs from threeseparate devices to the new printer, without compromising imagequality.” Availability The HP Latex 300 Printer series and HP Designjet Z6600 and Z6800Production Printers are expected to be available worldwide on May5.(12) HP will display the new products and solutions for the first timein booth 2057 at the ISA Sign Expo in Orlando, Fla., April 24-26.At ISA, the company also will show new large-format media optionsfor HP Latex inks, which will be available worldwide throughlicensing partner Brand Management Group (BMG). These include TypeII certified HP PVC-free Durable Suede Wall Paper, an improvedversion of HP HDPE Reinforced Banner and three new photographicbased materials. Additionally, productivity upgrades for the HPScitex FB500 and FB700 Industrial Printers will be showcased inHP’s booth. More information is available in an online press kit atwww.hp.com/go/LFGraphics2014. Videos and updates on the newproducts are available on the HP for Designers Facebook page, theHP Graphic Arts YouTube channel and on Twitter using the#signexpo2014 hashtag. (1) Based on acomparison of HP Latex Ink technology to competitors with leadingmarket share as of December 2013 and analysis of publishedMSDS/SDSs and/or internal evaluation. Performance of specificattributes may vary by competitor and ink technology/formulation.Special ventilation equipment (air filtration) is not required tomeet U.S. OSHA requirements. Special ventilation equipmentinstallation is at the discretion of the customer—see the SitePreparation Guide for details. Customers should consult state andlocal requirements and regulations. HP Latex Inks were tested forHazardous Air Pollutants, as defined in the Clean Air Act, per U.S.Environmental Protection Agency Method 311 (testing conducted in2013) and none were detected. Nickel free demonstrated according totesting conducted for HP Latex Inks to achieve UL ECOLOGO®Certification. UL ECOLOGO® Certification to UL 2801 demonstratesthat an ink meets a range of stringent criteria related to humanhealth and environmental considerations (ul.com/EL). (2) Compared withlarge-format inkjet printers under $25,000 USD for graphicapplications. Based on the fastest-rated color speeds as publishedby manufacturers as of December 2012. Test methods vary. (3) As reported byHP in Q2 FY2014. (4) Estimates by HPImage Permanence Lab on a range of media. Scratch-resistancecomparison based on testing HP Latex Inks and representativehard-solvent inks. Outdoor display permanence tested according toSAE J2527 using HP Latex Inks on a range of media, including HPmedia; in a vertical display orientation in simulated nominaloutdoor display conditions for select high and low climates,including exposure to direct sunlight and water; performance mayvary as environmental conditions change. Laminated displaypermanence using HP Clear Gloss Cast Overlaminate. Results may varybased on specific media performance. (5) Some substratesmay have inherent odor. (6) SAi FlexiPRINTHP Basic Edition RIP software is bundled with each HP Latex 310 andHP Latex 330 Printer. FlexiPRINT HP Premium Edition and FlexiPRINTHP Pro Edition are available as an option for the HP Latex 360Printer and as an upgrade path for the HP Latex 310 and HP Latex330 Printer. (7) Performance mayvary depending on media. Additional information is available at www.hp.com/go/mediasolutionslocator. For bestresults, use textiles that do not stretch. The ink collector isrequired for porous textiles. (8) The HPDesignjet Z6600 and Z6800 Production Printers deliver 54 percentfaster printing speeds than the HP Designjet Z6100 Printer(demonstrated by internal HP tests). (9) Displaypermanence rating for interior displays/away from direct sunlightby HP Image Permanence Lab, and by Wilhelm Imaging Research, Inc.on a range of HP media. Additional information is available at www.hp.com/go/supplies/printpermanence. (10) The HPDesignjet Z6600 Production Printer uses 30 percent less ink thanthe HP Designjet Z6100 Printer (demonstrated by internal HP testson glossy media in production mode). (11) Embedded inthis HP Designjet Printer is an i1 spectrophotometer from X-Rite.Close collaboration between HP and X-Rite helps ensure a reliablesolution that's been thoroughly tested to meet customer demands forease, quality and dependability. (12) Availabilitywill be country dependent and subject to change.
