HP Helps UCAS Improve Clearing Process, Enabling More Students to Find University Places Universities and Colleges Admissions Service enables flawless performance, contains costs with HP Performance Center on SaaS London, UK, April 24, 2014 — HP today announced that UCAS, the Universities andColleges AdmissionsService, has improved the clearing process forstudents applyingfor higher education places with HP PerformanceCentersoftware-as-a-service (SaaS). A critical part of the UK's national education infrastructure,UCASprocesses the university and college applications of around650,000students each year. Nearly all British highereducationinstitutions are members of UCAS, and anyone wishing tostudy foran undergraduate degree in the UK must submit anapplication viaUCAS's website. The service is active all yearround, but for oneweek in mid-August it must cope with a huge spikein demand,crunching 15 million transactions. More than 450,000students founduniversity places in 2013 – up six percent on 2012. “We don’t need alargeamount of regular testing throughout the year, but we do needanexceptional amount over one very intense period when the loadisestimated to be around 4,000 times greater than averagedays,”says Steve Jeffree, Chief Operating Officer, UCAS “HP Performance Centersoftwareensured flawless performance, and the massive spike ataround 5pm onexam results day was dealt with in just 30minutes.” To cope with the demands of modern admissions, UCAS testedthesystem against anticipated loads with HP Performance CenteronSaaS. For a three-month period, UCAS took 16,000 VirtualUsers,scaling down to 1,000 for the remainder of the year tocontaincosts. Delivered via the cloud, HP Performance Center onSaaSprovides a flexible, scalable testing environment, enablingUCAS toreact quickly to emerging scenarios and accommodatevariabledemand. “To cope withtheincreasing number of applications for higher education places,UCASneeds a scalable performance testing solution that not onlymeetsthe demands for major spikes, but maintains costefficiencythroughout the year,” says HP. “With HP Performance CenteronSaaS, UCAS can accurately simulate and rigorously testanticipatedloads, providing better intelligence to plan for nextyear’svolumes.“
