HP Helps Simplify Small Business Printing with New Officejet Pro Printers HP mobile printing and business print solutions make printing easier and helps cut operating costs Bracknell, UK. March 11, 2014 — HP today announced a new series ofOfficejet Pro inkjet printers designed to simplify printing forsmall and medium sized businesses (SMBs). SMBs are looking to inktechnology for their business printing needs due to cost savings,improved print speeds and added business functionality it delivers;by 2016, business inkjet totals will grow to represent 56 percentof all devices.1Delivering on this need, HP’s latest Officejet Pro printers includefeatures like mobile print and print management solutionshelping business owners save time and money, allowing them to focuson their business. “Small business owners areconstantly looking for ways to reduce operating costs and increaseproductivity,” said Stephen Nigro, senior vice president,Inkjet and Printing Solutions and Graphics Solutions Business,Printing and Personal Systems Group, HP. “These new inkjet printersdeliver the high-quality printing our customers expect, whilehelping reduce costs and increase efficiency with the latest mobileprint technology.” Business printing madesimple Giving SMBs a competitive edge, the extension of HP’sOfficejet Pro line-up - HP Officejet Pro 8620 e-All-in-One andHP Officejet Pro 8610 e-All-in-One - offer high-quality colorprinting for up to 50 percent lower cost-per-page compared to colorlaser printers.2Additionally, SMBs can increase productivity with easy printermanagement through Web Jetadmin3. For added efficiency, the HP Officejet Pro 8620 offers cutting edgeNFC touch-to-print capabilities by simply tapping a device directlyto the printer for instant document printing.4 Both new models alsosupport mobile printing solutions already available on mostsmartphone and tablets such as HP ePrint, wireless direct and othersolutions . 5, 6These printers also meet Mopria globalstandards for delivering simple wireless printing from smartphones,tablets and other mobile devices. Pricing andavailability7 HP Officejet Pro 8610 e-All-in-One does not feature NFCtouch-to-print technology and starts at £146. • Expected to be available in the UK starting April 1, 2014 androlled out across EMEA throughout the spring. The HP Officejet Pro 8620 e-All-in-One features NFC touch-to-printtechnology as well as a 4.3 inch large color display, fasterprinting and scanning speeds than the HP Officejet Pro 8610,50-page ADF and starts at £205. • Expected to be available in the UK starting April 1, 2014 androlled out across EMEA throughout the spring. A three-year HP limited hardware warranty is available on bothproducts after registration and within 60 days of purchase. Toregister customers can visit www.hp.com/eur/mybusiness (1) 2013 InfoTrendsstudy (2) Cost per pageclaim compares the majority of color laser all-in-ones <€400,August 2013; for details, see hp.com/officejet. Officejet Pro ISOyield with highest-capacity cartridges based on continuousprinting; see hp.com/go/learnaboutsupplies. (3) HP Web Jetadminis free and can be downloaded at hp.com/go/webjetadmin. (4) Based on planusage (without excessive overages), internet connection to aneligible HP printer, valid credit/debit card, email address, anddelivery service in your geographic area. (5) Mobile devicemust support NFC-enabled printing. (6) Capabilitiesmay vary by device and operating system. Requires the printer beconnected to the same network as your compatible mobile device.Remote printing requires an Internet connection to an HPweb-connected printer, HP ePrint app, and HP ePrint accountregistration. Wireless performance is dependent on physicalenvironment and distance from the access point. Wireless operationsare compatible with 2.4 GHz routers only. Wireless broadband userequires separately purchased service contract for mobile devices.Check with a service provider for coverage and availability in yourarea. See hp.com/go/mobileprintingfor more details.Mobile device must be directly connected to theprinter's wireless network prior to printing. Depending on mobiledevice, an app or driver may also be required. Wireless performanceis dependent on physical environment and distance from the accesspoint in the printer. (7) Estimated EMEAstreet prices. Actual prices may vary.
