HP Introduces New Enterprise Applications Services for Workday Workday application management services help clients improve workforce engagement PALO ALTO, Calif., June 17, 2014 — HP today announced HP EnterpriseApplications Services for Workday to help clients maximize the fullbusiness value of Workday Human Capital Management (HCM)applications. The proliferation of social engagement and mobile enhancements aredriving companies to improve the way they interact with employeesand maintain operations - from retaining the most talented workersto enhancing productivity by providing the information they need,where and when they need it. As companies look to modernize their existing HCM applications,they are also moving away from extensive and costly upgrades. Thismeans transitioning enterprise computing platforms from on-premisesto the cloud, which may aid clients in reducing costs, streamliningHR and payroll processes and realizing a faster return on theirinvestment. Workday HCM is specifically designed to run in the cloud, is fullyenabled for mobile use and offers a lower costsoftware-as-a-service model with a user interface designed forbusiness users. The new HP Enterprise Applications Services forWorkday encompass all elements of an organization’s Workdaydeployment, including functional configuration, technologyintegration and program management, to ensure data connects to theright endpoints. With it, companies gain a distinct advantage intoday’s increasingly connected world. The new services leverage HP’s rapidly growing number ofWorkday-certified consultants, as well as its expertise in cloudcomputing, mobile computing, reporting and analytics, and big data,and takes advantage of the company’s delivery centers locatedaround the world. Plus, as both a Workday partner and customer with a rapidly growingnumber of Workday-certified consultants, HP is in a unique positionto help customers realize the full potential of the application.Having executed the largest industry deployment of Workday to dateto its more than 300,000 employees across more than 100 countries,HP also has the knowledge and experience of deploying andintegrating Workday within an organization’s existing, andpotentially complex, IT environment. “Given the sheer size andscale of HP, an on-premises, enterprise implementation project ofthis scope could take up to three years to complete, from design tolaunch,” said Scott Spradley, chief information officer,Global Functions, HP. “Wewere able to deliver Workday in only 14 months, resulting in asignificant upgrade in efficiency, usability, capability andsatisfaction across the entire scope of employee and managerself-services.” Workday HCM is a single system-of-record, delivered in the cloudthat enables organizations to make faster decisions, gainoperational visibility, prepare for future talent shifts and buildeffective teams. HP Enterprise Applications Services for Workdaysupports clients in their efforts to achieve low-cost operations onan ongoing basis, better manage human capital to improveproductivity and increase employee engagement. “HP joins the Workdayservices partner ecosystem with a long history of successfullydeploying enterprise applications on a global scale,” said JimBozzini, senior vice president, Services, Workday. “HP is making a significantinvestment in building out its Workday practice and we look forwardto working with them to help our mutual customers transform theirbusinesses.” Availability HP Enterprise Applications Services for Workday are availableimmediately worldwide.
