HP Launches Helion Managed Services for Optimizing Cloud Storage Workloads PALO ALTO, Calif., June 18, 2014 — HP today introduced HP HelionManaged Services, an managed cloud storage offering that helpsorganizations save money and increase operational efficiency byleveraging the capacity they need, when they need it. The storage infrastructure demands of enterprises are increasing byabout 25 percent year over year, creating an urgent need toproactively invest to ensure sufficient storage capacity. However,investing in storage that won’t be efficiently used is a luxurythat most businesses can’t afford. The need for controlled andsecure, yet flexible and fast, IT resources to manage, archive andrecover data, has led to a demand for a utility-like, fully managedstorage model. “While HP has offered amanaged consumption base model for over 14 years, our new HP HelionManaged Services offering gives customers an increased level ofcontrol over their managed services and IT resources at asignificant cost savings,” said Jim Fanella, vice president,Workload and Cloud, HP Enterprise Services. “Our Helion offerings areunique from other industry services due to the simplification offile management and interface, performance scalability options andavailability of backup services for servers and personaldevices.” HP Helion Managed Services are delivered in a fully managed modelthat insulates customers from unexpected expenditures, as well asongoing storage administration and maintenance costs. By providingan agile alternative to the need to own and manage storage assets,HP Helion Managed Services lets organizations focus their capitaland IT resources to support business goals. Customized managedoffering to maximize cost savings HP Helion Managed Services offers data management across a hybriddelivery model that spans private, virtual private and public cloudto align to client application workloads. Its customized solutionsleverage exclusive block, file and object storage as well as backupservices powered by HP 3PAR StoreServ Storage and HP StoreOnceBackup systems. Block storage offers organizations a storage areanetwork for applications and databases requiring high-performanceoptions accessed via fiber communications. File storage enables network-attached storage thatprovides file-level storage for data that is stored and accessedvia internet protocol. Object storage provides users and backup applicationsaccess to add, delete and modify files via a simple Web ServiceRepresentational State Transfer (ReST) interface or httpprotocols. Server backup creates backup copies of application datafor servers in the data center or at remote offices to restorefiles when needed and personal device backup provides disk-basedbackup for user files located on PCs and tablets enablesindividuals to restore on demand. HP also provides a choice of tiers to get the right cost,availability and performance for each application on aprice-per-Gigabyte model. Additional information about HP Helion Managed Services isavailable at www.hp.com/enterprise/storage.
