HP Enhances Mobile Offerings With Business-Focused Detachable PC Expanded HP Elite lineup offers customers additional choice GENEVA, June 5, 2014 — HP today announced several new PCsinindustry-leading form factors, including a detachabletwo-in-onenotebook PC for business users, and a new series of HPElitedevices. The HP Pro x2 612 functions as both full high-powerednotebookand a sleek business tablet for maximum flexibility, whilealsoproviding the security needed to keep business dataprotected. The HP Elite 700 series expands on the HP Elite promiseofstylish, reliable, powerful computing at new affordablepricesaimed at transactional and small- and medium-sizedbusinesses(SMBs). The series now includes new notebooks anddesktops designedto deliver great value without sacrificingperformance orsecurity.Today’s workforce is faced with an unprecedented blend of workandpersonal lives, requiring technology that is mobile,thoughtfullydesigned, connected and secure. HP understands this andfacilitatesa work/life blend with innovative new devices thatofferflexibility and value in providing customers with aone-of-a-kindbusiness PC experience. “While the useoftechnology in business has allowed a blurring of the linethatseparates work and life, many European businesses stilluseoutdated technology that does not deliver a satisfyingexperienceto its employees,” said Kobi Elbaz, vice president,CommercialPersonal Systems, Printing and Personal Systems Group, HPEMEA. “HP continues toinnovatesecure business devices that allow employees to beproductive andstylish wherever work – or life – takesthem.” HP Pro x2 612:Thepower of a notebook with the convenience ofadetachable The sleek HP Pro x2 612 is HP’s first commercial detachablePC.Built from the ground up exclusively for enterprise users,thisdesign features a 12.5-inch (31.75cm) diagonal display, as welltheperformance business users demand through Intel® Core™i3/i5processors(1)including a vProoption. To stay secure on the go, the tabletincludes HP BIOS(2)HP ClientSecurity,(3) HPSure Start ,Smart Card Reader, HP TPM and an optional fingerprintreader.(4) The HP Pro x2 612 offers multiple purchase options thatprovidesolutions for full notebook replacement or travel needs.Customerscan choose the sleek, secure standalone tablet – the HPPro Tablet612. The tablet can be attached to the full size HP Prox2 612Power Keyboard with embedded battery, and features VGA,RJ-45,DisplayPort, two USB 3.0 ports and side docking connectorforoptional HP UltraSlim dock. Customers can enjoy thefreedomprovided by dual batteries – one in the tablet and one inthe powerkeyboard that provide 8 hours and 15 minutes for thetablet and upto 14 hours and 15 minutes with tablet and keyboardcombined.(5) Or, users can choose the soft, ultra mobile backlit keyboard,withUSB 3.0 port, combo audio jack and a power connector.Productivityis further bolstered with an optional battery-freeWacom pen(4) withbuilt-inholder, allowing users to write and draw vivid, dynamicgraphiccontent precisely with 1,024 levels of pressure sensitivityandpalm rejection technology. Regardless of the chosen configuration, the HP Pro x2 612 ispackedwith business-ready features to keep users connected andproductivewherever work takes them. A large full high definition(FHD)screen, Qualcomm Gobi 4G LTE modem,(6) anddualhigh-definition (HD) webcams makes sharing and editingcontenteasy. HP Elite 700series:Smart investments for thriving businesses Built for transactional and SMB customers, the HP Elite 700seriesis the newest addition to the HP Elite family. The linefeaturesthe same reliability, durability and performance you expectfromElite. These precision-engineered PCs endure the 115,000 hours ofHP’sTotal Test Process and are designed to pass MIL-STD 810Gtests(9) fortoughness andreliability. Plus, they are packed with securityfeatures like HPClient Security with HP Sure Start. The HP Elite 700 series will be powered by either the AMDA-SeriesPro APUs(7)withHSA technology or 4th generation Intel® Core™ i3/i5processors.(1) The EliteBook 700 series is defined by thin – only 21mm –attractivedesigns as well as outstanding performance anddurability. The HPEliteBook 700 series with AMD includes: The HP EliteBook 725, starting at just three pounds(1.36kg),features a 12.5-inch (31.75cm) diagonal HD orFHD(8)optional touchscreen with an optional 4G LTEmodule for mobileprofessionals and global series offering. The HP EliteBook 745 features a 14.0-inch (35.56cm) diagonalHD,HD+ or FHD(8), including a touch-enabledoption. The HP EliteBook 755 features a 15.6-inch (39.62cm) diagonalHD,FHD or FHD touch, including a touch-enabled option, as well asgreatintegrated graphics performance with AMD RadeonGraphics.The HP EliteBook 700 series with Intel, which will be available atalater date, includes: The HP EliteBook 720 features a slim and light design withgreatbattery life for travelers and the choice of HD, HD Premiumor HDPremium touch display. The HP EliteBook 740, an Ultrabook featuring HD, HD+, HD+touchor FHD screen. The HP EliteBook 750, offering Ultrabookmodels(10),and featuring a thin and light HD, FHD, orFHD touch 15-inch(38.1cm) diagonal screen with high systemperformance.HP also introduced new HP Elite 700 series PCs in a range offormfactors to suit every business need in any businessenvironment.For instance, the Elite 700 series desktop PCs offereverythingusers expect from the Elite line – includingenterprise-gradeconnectivity, flexibility and security – at newlower prices. The HP Elite 700 series desktop PCs with AMD includes: The HP EliteOne 700 All-in-One (AiO), featuring a23-inch(58.42cm) diagonal IPS Full HD display with AMD PRO A-SeriesAPUswith AMD Radeon™ graphics(11) and the opportunitytoincrease productivity by up to 35 percent(12)withsupport for up to three external displays. (13) The HP EliteDesk 700, offered in three differentconfigurations,which give customers a range of footprint optionsto fit well in anyenvironment: the Desktop Mini, which is smallerthan some deskphones, has a clean, easily serviceable design andintegratedwireless antenna(11); the Microtower; and theSmall FormFactor.The HP EliteDesk 700 series with Intel® Core™ processorsincludesboth the Microtower and Small Form Factor configurations,and willbe available at a later date. Pricingandavailability15 The HP Pro x2 612 is expected to be available in the UKinSeptember with pricing expected to be set closer toavailability.Pricing for the HP Pro x2 612 with soft base isexpected to be setcloser to availability. The HP EliteBook 720 is expected to be available inSeptember.Pricing will be set closer to availability. The HP EliteBook 740 is expected to be available inSeptember.Pricing will be set closer to availability. The HP EliteBook 750 is expected to be available inSeptember.Pricing will be set closer to availability. The HP EliteBook 725, HP EliteBook 745 and HP EliteBook 755areexpected to be available across EMEA with a starting priceof€749. The HP EliteOne 700 is expected to be available inSeptember.Pricing will be set closer to availability. The HP EliteDesk 700 Desktop Mini with AMD is expected tobeavailable in September. Pricing will be set closertoavailability. The HP EliteDesk 700 Microtower and Small Form Factor withAMDare expected to be available in July. Pricing will be set closertoavailability. The HP EliteDesk 700 Small Form Factor with Intel is expectedtobe available September. Pricing will be set closertoavailability. The HP EliteDesk 700 Microtower PC with Intel is expected tobeavailable in November. Pricing will be set closertoavailability.1. Multi-Core is designed to improve performance of certainsoftwareproducts. Not all customers or software applicationswillnecessarily benefit from use of this technology. 64-bitcomputingsystem required. Performance will vary depending on yourhardwareand software configurations. Intel’s numbering is not ameasurementof higher performance. 2. HP BIOSphere features may vary depending on the PC platform&configuration. 3. HP Client security requires Windows. 4. Sold separately or as an optional feature. 5. Preliminary Windows 7 MM07 battery time. Final battery timeispending and will vary depending on various factorsincludingproduct model, configuration, loaded applications,features, use,wireless functionality, and power managementsettings. The maximumcapacity of the battery will naturallydecrease with time andusage. See www.bapco.com for additionaldetails. 6. Built in Qualcomm® Gobi® 4G LTE modules available in selectHPproducts and requires factory configuration, wireless dataservicecontract, network support, and is not available in allregions. .Contact service provider to determine the coverage areaandavailability. Connection speeds will vary due tolocation,environment, network conditions, and other factors. 7. This system requires a separately purchased 64-bitoperatingsystem and 64-bit software products to take advantage ofthe 64-bitprocessing capabilities of AMD technology. Multi-coreprocessingavailable with AMD technology is designed to improveperformance ofthis system. Given the wide range of softwareapplicationsavailable, performance of a system including a 64-bitoperatingsystem and a dual-core processor will vary. AMD's modelnumberingis not a measurement of clock speed. 8. 725 FHD and 745 FHD touch available in July 2014. 9. MIL-STD testing is pending and is not intended todemonstratefitness for U.S. Department of Defense contractrequirements or formilitary use. Test results are not a guaranteeof futureperformance under these test conditions. 10. Not all models qualify as an Ultrabook. 11. Wireless access point and internet service required. 12. AMD Radeon™ Dual Graphics requires an AMD “A” series APUplusoptional AMD Radeon™ discrete graphics configuration andisavailable on Window 7 and Windows 8 systems. Linux OSsupportsmanual switching which requires restart of X-Server toengageand/or disengage the discrete graphics processor for dualgraphicscapabilities. Additional hardware (e.g. Blu-ray drive, HDor 10-bitmonitor, TV tuner, wirelessly enabled HDTV) and/orsoftware (e.g.multimedia applications) are required for the fullenablement ofsome features. HD Video display requires an HD videosource. 13. “Observed Productivity, Efficiency and User SatisfactionwhenUsing Multiple or Large Displays,” Koala LLC ErgonomicsConsulting,November 6, 2012. 14. Support for external displays as a standard featurethroughintegrated processor-based graphics is dependent upontheparticular PC platform/form factor; the actual number ofdisplayssupported will vary. Additional cables required. 15. Estimated street prices. Actual prices may vary. ExcludesVAT. Microsoft and Windows are U.S. registered trademarks oftheMicrosoft group of companies. Intel is a trademark ofIntelCorporation in the U.S. and other countries. Qualcomm isaregistered trademark of Qualcomm Incorporated. Used underlicense.AMD and Radeon are trademarks of Advanced Micro Devices,Inc. This news release contains forward-looking statements thatinvolverisks, uncertainties and assumptions. If such risksoruncertainties materialize or such assumptions prove incorrect,theresults of HP and its consolidated subsidiaries coulddiffermaterially from those expressed or implied by suchforward-lookingstatements and assumptions. All statements otherthan statements ofhistorical fact are statements that could bedeemed forward-lookingstatements, including but not limited tostatements of the plans,strategies and objectives of management forfuture operations; anystatements concerning expected development,performance, marketshare or competitive performance relating toproducts and services;any statements regarding anticipatedoperational and financialresults; any statements of expectation orbelief; and anystatements of assumptions underlying any of theforegoing. Risks,uncertainties and assumptions include the need toaddress the manychallenges facing HP’s businesses; the competitivepressures facedby HP’s businesses; risks associated with executingHP’s strategyand plans for future operations; the impact ofmacroeconomic andgeopolitical trends and events; the need to managethird-partysuppliers and the distribution of HP’s products andserviceseffectively; the protection of HP’s intellectual propertyassets,including intellectual property licensed from third parties;risksassociated with HP’s international operations; the developmentandtransition of new products and services and the enhancementofexisting products and services to meet customer needs andrespondto emerging technological trends; the execution andperformance ofcontracts by HP and its suppliers, customers, clientsand partners;the hiring and retention of key employees; integrationand otherrisks associated with business combination andinvestmenttransactions; the execution, timing and results ofrestructuringplans, including estimates and assumptions related tothe cost andthe anticipated benefits of implementing those plans;theresolution of pending investigations, claims and disputes;andother risks that are described in HP’s Annual Report on Form10-Kfor the fiscal year ended October 31, 2013, and that areotherwisedescribed or updated from time to time in HP’s SecuritiesandExchange Commission reports. HP assumes no obligation and doesnotintend to update these forward-looking statements.
