HP Indigo 7600 Digital Press Gives Entwistle Competitive Advantage Manchester-based print service provider achieves faster turnaround times, improves print quality, saves costs MANCHESTER, Sept 24, 2014 — HP today announced that Manchester-based print service provider Entwistle Group has boosted productivity and turnaround times while saving costs by doubling its print capacity with an HP Indigo 7600 Digital Press. The Entwistle Group offers full colour display graphics, marketing collateral, BID documents, cross media solutions and short run digital print as well as traditional print services. “With volumes increasing by 20 to 30 pecent per year, we were working weekends and additional shifts to cope,” says Jason Richards, managing director, Entwistle. “We opted to supplement our two HP Indigo 5000 Digital Presses with an HP Indigo 7600 – almost doubling our capacity. The new printer has helped us deliver a faster turnaround and save overtime costs. It also gives us the ability to use added-value products such as white ink, thick substrates and special effects to differentiate Entwistle and drive new business acquisition.” The new HP Indigo 7600 Digital Press has enabled Entwistle to meet ever-tightening deadlines and improve the quality, colour consistency and diversity of its products while reducing operating costs. Enabled by HP Indigo’s liquid ElectroInk technology, the HP Indigo 7600 Digital Press supports increased creativity with the widest digital colour gamut including white, textured and special effect inks, as well as the ability to print on a diverse range of media including transparent, coloured and metallic substrates. “Print service providers are facing a variety of challenges in today’s market,” says Richards. “The added flexibility and shorter response times of the HP Indigo 7600 Digital Press give us an important differentiator.” More information is available at www.youtube.com/hpgraphicarts and www.facebook.com/HPdesigners or follow HP on www.twitter.com/hpgraphicarts.
