HP Extends Investment in OpenStack Cloud Services at Its Galway-based R&D Operation GALWAY, Ireland, 5 June, 2014 — HP Ireland today announced it willgrow jobs through an investment in OpenStack cloud services at itsnew state-of-the-art facility in Ballybrit, Galway, which iscurrently under construction and due to be completed next year. This investment in Galway is part of the company’s plans to expandthe global reach of the HP Helion portfolio of cloud products andservices. The HP Cloud Research and Development (R&D) team inGalway played a large role in delivering HP’s public cloud—one ofthe largest OpenStack-based public clouds in the world. The teamwill continue in this role as it focuses on building the HP Helionportfolio of cloud products and services, also based on OpenStacktechnology—as well as Cloud Foundry™—and designed to enableorganisations to build, manage and consume workloads in hybrid ITenvironments. As part of this investment, HP is adding approximately 100high-tech jobs to its cloud R&D team in Galway. The jobs, whichwill range in scope and expertise level, are supported by thegovernment through IDA Ireland. The new positions will assist HP’senterprise customers with cloud planning, implementation andoperational needs. Individuals recruited for these roles also willalso become active members of the OpenStack community, contributingdesign blueprints, new code, bug fixes and code reviews. They alsowill engage quickly with HP enterprise customers seeking to deployOpenStack clouds. “Today’s announcement thatHP is creating 100 additional jobs in Galway is a boost for Irelandand for the ICT sector in particular,” said Enda Kenny, T.D.,An Taoiseach of Ireland, during a visit to HP’s global headquartersin Palo Alto, Calif. “HPhas consistently invested in and believed in Ireland over the pastforty years. Today, the company is one of Ireland’s most valuedinvestors and one of our foremost creators of highly skilledR&D jobs. ICT is a sector which we have specifically targetedas part of our Action Plan for Jobs and we have put in placemeasures to support jobs growth in this area. As a government, weare determined to keep making the changes to support further growthin the coming years.” “Our customers are lookingfor open solutions, and to be able to create, deploy and manage ITworkloads in hybrid cloud environments,” said Mark Gantly,managing director, HP Galway. “The technologies beingdeveloped here in our Galway R&D facility are at the forefrontof HP’s OpenStack-based Helion program and will play a key role infuture development of global cloud services from HP.” “HP has been one of thelargest and most significant investors in Ireland Inc, for the past40 years,” said Barry O’Leary, chief executive officer, IDAIreland. “Today’sannouncement is another vote of confidence in Ireland’s ability toboth provide and attract a strong technical workforce.” HP has been a significant investor in R&D in Ireland in recentyears. Today’s announcement also comes on the back of recentinvestments by HP in Belfast, where the company located its GlobalCentre of Software Engineering Excellence in 2012, as well asR&D investments in HP’s Leixlip facility. HP’s premier America’s client event, HPDiscover, takes place June 10-12 in Las Vegas.
