Lancaster University Provides Unique Research Environment with HP Software-Defined Networking Scalable HP SDN enables video broadcasting, provides agile production network, improves career opportunities for students LANCASTER, UK, Sept 25, 2014 – HP today announced that the Lancaster University is using HP software-defined networking (SDN) to provide a unique, high quality research environment for students and staff in its School of Computing and Communications. Based on 40 OpenFlow-enabled HP switches and housed in the multi-million pound InfoLab21 building1, the 2,000-port software-defined network links to the University’s wider campus network while also allowing the School to research, develop and operate SDN applications locally. A number of advanced SDN applications have already been implemented, including one for use in high-speed video broadcasting, and the School is currently researching a security application. SDN is also now taught as part of the degree program, allowing students to gain valuable experience of working with this emerging technology which will improve their subsequent career opportunities. “Lancaster University is internationally recognised for its research into communications and networking and, during the last three years, SDN has become a core part of this activity,” says Dr. Nick Race, Senior Lecturer, Lancaster University. “Our HP SDN now enables us to provide the highest quality research environment as well as an agile production network for students and staff. HP’s OpenFlow-based SDN technology allows researchers to not only experiment on a test network, but to precisely and dynamically control and extend the network itself. It formed the basis of our original EU-funded SDN research work on the OFELIA project, and has since opened the door for other strategic SDN research projects, including network function virtualisation (NfV).” Through the OFELIA (OpenFlow in Europe: Linking Infrastructure and Applications) project, researchers at Lancaster University have developed OpenCache, an SDN-based video broadcast application which improves the availability of video content for the end user. The app, which could eventually be available through HP’s rapidly expanding SDN App Store, utilises OpenFlow to support the transparent caching of large media objects in a wide-area network, increasing resilience by choosing caches based on availability as well as proximity. The School of Computing and Communications is also currently evaluating HP’s new Network Protector SDN Application, which brings a new level of real-time threat visibility, automation and control to support network connectivity, and is invaluable for BYOD. Leveraging the HP Virtual Application Networks (VAN) SDN Controller and OpenFlow to program the network infrastructure with security intelligence from the TippingPoint RepDV Labs database, this effectively turns the entire network infrastructure into security-enforcement devices, providing unprecedented visibility and threat protection against more than 1 million botnets, malware and spyware. “In the cloud era, organisations need a single point of control for the entire network which enables them to deploy any application or service directly to the user,” says Sean Brown, UK Head of Networking, HP. “Only HP provides a complete SDN solution that automates manual configuration tasks across hardware, software and applications through a single control plane.” 1 Lancaster University’s InfoLab21 has built up a strong reputation for research in the fields of computer science, ICT and communications engineering, and currently comprises around 40 academic staff, more than 400 students and around 120 researchers. One wing of the building is dedicated to the Knowledge Business Centre (KBC), which acts as a link between businesses and academics, and assists in the creation of high-tech start-ups and spin-out companies. HP’s SDN client event takes place Nov. 17-18 at Lancaster University. HP's premier EMEA client event, HP Discover, takes place Dec. 2-4 in Barcelona, Spain. HP technology helps make it matter when it matters most. Find out how at www.hp.com/uk/makeitmatter
