IBM INSIGHT 2014, Las Vegas NV - 28 Oct 2014: IBM (NYSE: IBM) and Joy Global, a worldwide leader in high-productivity mining solutions, today announced that Joy Global selectedIBM Big Data and Analytics technology -- including IBM’s advanced predictive analytics software and optimization solutions -- to enhance the ability of Joy Global Smart Services to improve mining machine performance, while reducing downtime and costs. Joy Global Smart Services deliver mining customers real-time analytics that predict machine failures and recommend preventative actions for individual Smart Services customers. The cloud-based, mobile-enabled, IBM solution will allow Joy Global to take Smart Services from the individual customer level to the worldwide fleet level – giving Joy Global the ability to analyze big data from all Smart Services-connected Joy Global mining machines. Joy Global and IBM expect that the ability to analyze and compare operating data from Joy Global’s worldwide fleet of installed machines will enable Joy Global to more quickly identify anomalies in machine performance, leading to continuous improvement of its mining machine products. Joy Global customers will benefit from improved machine availability, utilization and productivity, as well as lower operating costs. “Joy Global is always looking to become a more efficient and effective partner for our valued customers around the world,” said Ben Snyman, vice president, product management, Joy Global Underground Mining. “Applying IBM’s Big Data products and expertise will result in a very significant and highly differentiated business advantage – not only for Joy Global, but also for Joy Global customers.” The new solution will help Joy Global increase productivity and lower operating costs for Smart Services customers, which include underground surface companies that mine coal, copper, iron ore, oil sands, gold and other mineral resources. “Joy Global’s goal is to help its customers increase production and reduce operating costs, while maintaining a focus on zero harm, in a highly technical and challenging industry,” said Jerry Kurtz, vice president and partner, IBM Strategy and Analytics consulting practice. “IBM will help Joy Global boost its Smart Services through the innovative design and implementation of a truly holistic Big Data and analytics solution.” About Joy Global Joy Global Inc. is a worldwide leader in high-productivity mining solutions. Through its market-leading P&H and Joy brands, Joy Global manufactures markets, and services original equipment and support parts for the surface and underground mining industries. Joy Global's products and related services are used extensively for the mining of coal, copper, iron ore, oil sands, gold and other mineral resources. Joy Global Smart Services leverage major advancements in onboard and off board technologies, and robust communication systems, to produce data-centric recommendations and analyses, from reactive root cause exercises to proactive maintenance prognostics and operational best practices. For more information about Joy Global, please visit: www.joyglobal.com. About IBM Big Data & Analytics IBM has established the world’s deepest portfolio of Big Data and Analytics technology that spans research and development, solutions and software. IBM has invested $24 billion to build its capabilities in Big Data and Analytics through R&D and more than 30 acquisitions. Today, more than 15,000 analytics consultants, 6,000 industry solution business partners and 400 IBM mathematicians are helping clients use big data to transform their organizations. For more information about IBM Big Data & Analytics, visit: http://www.ibm.com/big-data/us/en/big-data-and-analytics/. Follow IBM Big Data & Analytics on Twitter: @IBMbigdata and @IBMAnalytics.
Kathleen Tyler UK External Relations 44-(0)7771 976255 kathleen.tyler@uk.ibm.com
Build your own feed New to RSS? (US)
Join the conversation
Facebook E-mail this page Twitter LinkedIn
E-mail this page
Contact a media relations representative Site feedback
Subscribe to our latest press releases View more news room feeds
