ARMONK, N.Y. - 28 Oct 2014: Today, IBM (NYSE: IBM) announced the enterprise-class IBMCloud OpenStack Services via the IBM Cloud marketplace to enable interoperability between existing IT systems and off-premise cloud workloads. IBM Cloud OpenStack Services provides clients with access to SoftLayer’s infrastructure, offering customers a secure, dedicated and highly available single-tenant environment that enables greater flexibility and an open cloud environment. As a founding member and a top contributor to OpenStack, today’s announcement reinforces IBM’s commitment to the open cloud community and provides its clients with the means to more easily deploy an OpenStack cloud on top of IBM Cloud with SoftLayer. With today’s’ news, IBM is providing clients with the means to take advantage of the flexibility, security, power and scale of IBM cloud in an open environment. With experts estimating that the cloud adoptions will reach $250 billion by 2017, businesses are continuing to rely more heavily on cloud environments. In addition, companies and government agencies are shifting from small-scale application deployments to hosting and running large mission-critical operations in the cloud that is secure and open. Open standards, including OpenStack, play an increasingly important role in ensuring these types of organizations can make the transition with greater flexibility when compared to proprietary standards. IBM Cloud OpenStack Services allows businesses and government agencies to select from a range of underlying hardware configuration options based on open standards and deploy services from IBM’s SoftLayer global data centers with a managed-services approach based on the needs of the workload. Now IBM clients will be able to more easily focus on building functional and engaging applications and services and less on provisioning the infrastructure and cloud management systems beneath them. In addition, IBM Cloud OpenStack Services offers greater interoperability through integrating hosted and on-premise systems through open standards, speeding deployments and providing consistency across multiple environments.  “Today’s announcement further demonstrates IBM’s commitment to bring OpenStack to the enterprise and assist clients in finding additional value in an open-standards based cloud approach,” said IBM Vice President of Open Technology and Cloud Performance Solutions Angel Diaz. “IBM Cloud OpenStack Services will strategically position our clients for the future, opening the way to interoperable hybrid cloud while avoiding proprietary solutions.” IBM Cloud OpenStack Services will provide clients with predictable performance, with the speed and agility to scale to meet workload demands. It also provides companies with secure and reliable (99.95 percent SLA) OpenStack and client environment as a dedicated compute, storage and network that provides physical separation from other clients. IBM Cloud OpenStack Services is designed and built for DevOps environments to enable faster development, improved time-to-market and higher quality deployments.  It also provides software defined networking in a managed OpenStack service. By deploying IBM Cloud OpenStack Services on SoftLayer’s global Infrastructure-as-a-Service platform, companies all over the world will now be able to more easily focus on core business needs and application development. Clients will have the means to more easily adopt a hybrid cloud model. And by adopting an open standards approach, they will be using a platform that eases integration through interoperability. In addition, IBM is also introducing Object Storage as a service on Bluemix – IBM’s open Cloud development platform. Taking advantage of the OpenStack Swift-based Object Storage provided by SoftLayer, developers have the means to use Bluemix to create applications and use Object Storage as a service to provide their object storage needs. Object Storage provides an environment that is more scalable than traditional file system storage. Additionally, it requires less metadata than file systems to store and access files and it reduces the overhead of managing file metadata. This means object storage can be scaled out almost endlessly simply by adding nodes. About IBM Cloud Computing IBM is the global leader in cloud with an unmatched portfolio of open cloud solutions to enable clients for the hybrid cloud era with integration, control over data and expertise. Since the $2 billion acquisition of SoftLayer, IBM has continued to make significant investments in building out a comprehensive cloud portfolio including $1.2 billion to expand its global footprint to 40 data centers and $1 billion investment to establish Bluemix, a cloud platform-as-a-service on Cloud Foundry, to help millions of developers. IBM Cloud has helped more than 30,000 clients around the world.  Today, IBM has 100+ cloud SaaS solutions, thousands of experts with deep industry knowledge helping clients transform and a growing global network of data centers.  Since 2007, IBM has invested more than $7 billion in 17 acquisitions to accelerate its cloud initiatives. IBM holds 1,560 cloud patents focused on driving innovation. In fact, IBM for the 21st consecutive year topped the annual list of US patent leaders. IBM processes more the 5.5M client transactions daily through IBM's public cloud.  For more information about cloud offerings from IBM, visit http://www.ibm.com/cloud. Follow us on Twitter at @IBMcloud and on our blog atwww.thoughtsoncloud.com. Join the conversation #ibmcloud.
Emma Bennett UK External Relations 44-07976 839109 emma.bennett@uk.ibm.com Steve Brooks Deputy Editor, Business Cloud.com steve.brooks@dods.co.uk
Related resources Site links IBM Delivers OpenStack Services to the Cloud
Build your own feed New to RSS? (US)
Join the conversation
Facebook E-mail this page Twitter LinkedIn
E-mail this page
Contact a media relations representative Site feedback
Subscribe to our latest press releases View more news room feeds
