Samsung Electronics today announced that it has partnered with West Yorkshire Police to help the force lead the way in one of the biggest technological advancements in modern policing. Four thousand Samsung Galaxy Note 3 devices are being issued to front line officers and staff, replacing traditional pocket note books. The mobile devices contain online ‘apps’ which allow officers to record a crime without having to return to a station, reducing admin and spending more time on the front line. West Yorkshire Police, Assistant Chief Constable, Andy Battle said it means more time spent in communities: “This initiative will exploit technology to maximise the capability and effectiveness of policing at the front-line. It will potentially lead to 7000 front line officers and staff using the devices. “As a result of this project, there will be an increase in the amount of time they are able to spend on the streets, dealing with crime and public safety. The device includes an e-notebook which will enable us to record information and make intelligence submissions via secure mobile police apps. “Officers will be able to enter electronic witness statements and complete missing person forms without having to put pen to paper back at base. Similarly, the device will allow users to view and update incidents whilst on the beat, increasing our visibility, responsiveness and presence on the streets. “According to a national audit conducted in 2012 which looked at mobile working in policing across the UK, an average of 18 minutes of additional time on the streets was generated. From a West Yorkshire perspective, one minute of extra time on the street per officer, per day equates to a million pounds worth of additional policing annually. “We continue to look for ways to revolutionise the way we do business, creating efficiency savings that will ultimately benefit the communities we serve long into the future.” Graham Long, Vice-President Enterprise Business Team, Samsung UK & Ireland, commented: “Police officers do an amazing job ensuring safety on our streets and thanks to huge advances in technology, response times are now quicker than ever and they can spend more time on the front line. The Samsung technology being used by West Yorkshire Police will streamline processes, cut admin time and give officers instant access to crucial information wherever they are, helping the force save money and lives. We’re delighted to be playing our part in this transition and look forward to seeing the benefits to the force and wider community.’’ West Yorkshire Police and Crime Commissioner, Mark Burns-Williamson said: “Providing the best possible service to our communities through modern mobile technology and innovation is at the heart of my Police and Crime Plan. The investment is being provided through a transformation fund as part of the 2014/15 budget agreement. “The introduction of the mobile devices will ensure that officers and staff have more time to spend in their communities, offering greater visibility and enabling them to carry out their roles more effectively. “As we face Government cuts of over £160 million pounds between 2010 and 2017, it is imperative that we continue to look towards new ways of working that ensure our neighbourhoods are safe and feel safe.” About Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. is a global leader in technology, opening new possibilities for people everywhere. Through relentless innovation and discovery, we are transforming the worlds of TVs, smartphones, tablets, PCs, cameras, home appliances, printers, LTE systems, medical devices, semiconductors and LED solutions. We employ 286000 people across 80 countries with annual sales of US$216.7 billion. To discover more, please visit www.samsung.com.
