Samsung Electronics UK, a global leader in digital media and convergence technologies, has welcomed local MP Rt Hon Stephen Timms MP to its Digital Academy at Newham College, which aims to tackle youth unemployment and bridge the technology skills gap that is becoming increasingly apparent in the UK. The partnership has seen a state-of-the-art training facility set up near ‘Tech City’ in the East Ham campus of Newham College. Opened in October last year, the Samsung Digital Academy features three new training classrooms for practical and vocational training in App Development for Smart Digital Technologies (BTEC, full-time qualification course) and Digital Home and Entertainment Technologies (City & Guilds, part-time qualification course). Both offer hugely relevant skills for the future. In addition, Samsung has been supporting students with learning resources and exam fees as well as offering up to 10 scholarships each academic year to support long-term unemployed young people between the ages of 19 and 30. SW Kim, President of Corporate Affairs, Samsung Europe, who was at the Academy to welcome Stephen Timms MP, commented that “Samsung is committed on a European level to train and equip young people with the vital skills necessary to enter today’s digital jobs market.” Andy Griffiths, President of Samsung Electronics UK said: “This partnership forms part of a wider programme of activity we are embarking on with schools and colleges to inspire teachers, students and young people to learn the skills the UK needs to compete on the global stage, in new and innovative ways. At Samsung, we understand that we have a key part to play in transforming how young people learn both in and outside the classroom, and a responsibility to widen access to those who may not otherwise have had the opportunity. It is through initiatives like these that we hope to achieve this.” Rt Hon Stephen Timms MP has been MP for East Ham since 1994. Commenting on his visit to the Samsung Digital Academy Mr Timms stated: “It was a pleasure to meet with students at Samsung’s Digital Academy to learn more about its programmes, and understand how this partnership is helping improve employment prospects for young people in East London. This collaboration between leading technology company Samsung and Newham College is exactly the kind of partnership we need across London to improve the potential of our workforce and the competitiveness of our businesses.” Philip Badman, Deputy Principal of Newham College, said “We greatly value partnerships with innovative and global companies like Samsung and it shows their commitment to the further education sector and in supporting the technology skills gap. Samsung will help us contribute to the regeneration of east London, tackle youth unemployment and create a centre of IT excellence. We have students who are keen to develop their skills and the academy gives them the very best in technology and training.” The relationship with Newham College is further evidence of Samsung’s commitment to the education sector in supporting the technology skills gap. As well as Samsung Digital Academies, Samsung also supports schools across the country through its Digital Classroom initiative, as well as supporting several cultural institutions such as the British Museum. These initiatives aim to inspire young people, staff and teachers to learn and teach in new exciting ways and to help encourage young people into careers using technology. Research published in April 2013 by the Federation of Small Business and the UK's technology trade association, tech UK, suggested that a lack of basic IT skills was hindering the growth of 40% of small business. Furthermore, a Prince’s Trust survey stated that under one fifth of young people not in employment, education or training said better computer skills would lead to work. Notes to Editors The Samsung Digital Academy courses offered include: Digital Home & Entertainment Technologies (City & Guilds Award / Certificate) App Development For Smart Digital Technologies (BTEC Level 1 / 2) The Samsung Digital Academy is offering Industry recognised qualifications as part of the complete course offer including exam costs. Within the BTEC Program, we are offering CompTIA Mobile App Security+ and Microsoft MTA (Microsoft Technology Associate – software development). Within the C&G HTO course we are offering CompTIA Network+ About Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. is a global leader in technology, opening new possibilities for people everywhere. Through relentless innovation and discovery, we are transforming the worlds of televisions, smartphones, personal computers, printers, cameras, home appliances, LTE systems, medical devices, semiconductors and LED solutions. We employ 270000 people across 79 countries with annual sales of US$187.8 billion. To discover more, please visit www.samsung.com. About Samsung's Citizenship Programmes Samsung is committed to help close the digital divide and skills gap in the UK. Samsung Digital Classrooms in schools, charities/non-profit organisations and cultural partners provide access to the latest technology. Samsung is also providing the training and maintenance support necessary to help make the transition and integration of the new technology as smooth as possible. Samsung is also offering qualifications and training in technology for young people and teachers through its Digital Academies in London and Birmingham. These initiatives will inspire young people, staff and teachers to learn and teach in new exciting ways and to help encourage young people into careers using technology. www.samsung.com/uk/citizenship
