Symantec Adds Two New Executives to its Security Business New Hires, Balaji Yelamanchili and Jeff Scheel, to focus on its Security Business MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif. – November 4, 2014 – Symantec Corp. (Nasdaq: SYMC) today announced that it has added two new executives to its executive leadership team for its security business: Balaji Yelamanchili, executive vice president and general manager, Enterprise Security Products; and Jeff Scheel, senior vice president, Corporate Development, Alliances and Strategy. Balaji Yelamanchili brings more than twenty years of software development, product marketing and general management experience to his new role leading Symantec’s Enterprise Security Products. He joins from Oracle where he was senior vice president overseeing the company’s analytics and performance management products. Prior to his career at Oracle, he was a senior vice president and co-general manager at EMC, within the company’s Content Management and Archiving division.  His experience with big data analytics will be crucial as Symantec undertakes its unified security strategy making use of the company’s vast telemetry data. “Balaji is a proven leader, with a stellar track record of driving large and globally distributed teams that deliver quality products on time,” said Mike Brown, Symantec president and CEO. “I’m excited about the focus he will bring to our Enterprise Security Products, which will now be managed as a business unit.” Jeff Scheel has joined Symantec to lead the company’s security partnerships and continue the development of Symantec’s security business strategy. Most recently Scheel was at FireEye, where he was vice president, Business Development, Global Services and Cloud Solutions. Jeff brings deep security domain expertise to Symantec based on prior executive roles at Mandiant, HP Enterprise Security and ArcSight. “Symantec has long been a global leader in security, and I’m excited to have Jeff’s industry experience to accelerate our progress in realizing our new unified security strategy,” said Brown. “Jeff joins us at an exciting time to build a more robust partner ecosystem and deliver additional capabilities to our customers.” About Symantec Symantec Corporation (NASDAQ: SYMC) is an information protection expert that helps people, businesses and governments seeking the freedom to unlock the opportunities technology brings -- anytime, anywhere. Founded in April 1982, Symantec, a Fortune 500 company, operating one of the largest global data-intelligence networks, has provided leading security, backup and availability solutions for where vital information is stored, accessed and shared. The company's more than 20,000 employees reside in more than 50 countries. Ninety-nine percent of Fortune 500 companies are Symantec customers. In fiscal 2014, it recorded revenues of $6.7 billion. To learn more go to www.symantec.com or connect with Symantec at: go.symantec.com/socialmedia. ### NOTE TO EDITORS: If you would like additional information on Symantec Corporation and its products, please visit the Symantec News Room at http://www.symantec.com/news. Symantec and the Symantec logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of Symantec Corporation or its affiliates in the U.S. and other countries. Other names may be trademarks of their respective owners.
Information Unleashed A History of Joint Innovation on Display Mon Oct 27 10:24:22 PDT 2014 A Step Forward for Norton, Information Security and Information Management Tue Oct 14 17:24:30 PDT 2014 Accelerating Our Path Forward Thu Oct 09 13:05:00 PDT 2014 Visit the Information Unleashed Blog on Symantec Connect
