REDMOND, Wash. — Nov. 6, 2014 — On Thursday, Microsoft Corp. took the next step to bring the productivity of Office to everyone with new Office apps and experiences for the iPhone and iPad, a preview of Office apps for Android tablets, and the ability for customers using these devices to create and edit Office content without a subscription. “Anytime someone has an idea or an inspiration, we want to empower them to take action,” said John Case, corporate vice president, Office, Microsoft. “With over a billion Office customers worldwide, and over 40 million downloads on the iPad, it’s clear that Office applications are what people want to use to get things done.” Starting today, iPhone and Android tablet customers can tap into the same experience that people with Office for iPad have enjoyed. Now, nearly everyone will be able to get more done, more quickly. Here are the details of the news: New Office for iPhone apps for Word, Excel and PowerPoint offer the same beautiful iPad experience, optimized for the iPhone. Customers can download the new apps today. Updated Office for iPad apps for Word, Excel and PowerPoint . Customers can download the new apps today. Preview of Office apps for Android tablet brings the productivity of Word, Excel and PowerPoint to Android tablet customers. Customers can sign up for the Preview starting today. General availability is expected in early 2015. More of Office for everyone. Beginning today, customers on iPhone, iPad and Android can create and edit Office content without a subscription. Now customers on nearly every mobile device and platform can do more with Office. The company also presented an expanded look at the new “touch-optimized” Office for Windows 10. Additional details will be shared at a later date. Complete functionality with Office 365 Customers get the best value and a complete set of features from an Office 365 subscription, including 1 terabyte of OneDrive online storage — with unlimited storage on the way. By subscribing, customers join a community of over 7.1 million active Office 365 Home and Office 365 Personal subscribers and unlock the full productivity power of Office on every device they have.  Availability The new Office for iPad and Office for iPhone apps are available in 29 languages and 136 countries. The apps require an iPad or iPhone running iOS 7.0 or later. The Office for Android tablet preview is available for sign-up beginning today. More information about Thursday’s news can be found on the Official Microsoft blog. Founded in 1975, Microsoft (Nasdaq “MSFT”) is the worldwide leader in software, services, devices and solutions that help people and businesses realize their full potential. Office Everywhere   previous next PowerPoint for iPad previous next Presenter view in PowerPoint for iPhone previous next Add and edit tables and charts in Excel for iPad previous next Add and edit tables and charts in Excel for iPhone previous next Pivot table in Excel for iPhone previous next View and edit documents in Word for iPad previous next View and edit documents in Word for iPhone previous next Review tools in Word for iPhone previous next Add tables and charts in the Excel for Android tablet preview previous next Add formulas in the Excel for Android tablet preview previous next Easily edit documents in the Excel for Android preview previous next Sort and filter in the Excel for Android tablet preview previous next PowerPoint for Android tablet preview previous next Check spelling in the Word for Android tablet preview previous next Add transitions in the PowerPoint for Android tablet preview previous next Inking feature in the PowerPoint for Android tablet preview previous next Word for Android tablet preview previous next Check spelling in the Word for Android tablet preview previous next Format tables in the Word for Android tablet preview previous next Add tables and charts in the Excel for Android tablet preview previous next Review tools in the Word for Android tablet preview previous next PowerPoint for Windows 10 previous next View documents in Excel for Windows 10 previous next View documents in PowerPoint for Windows 10 previous next View documents in Word for Windows 10 Note to editors: For more information, news and perspectives from Microsoft, please visit the Microsoft News Center at http://www.microsoft.com/news. Web links, telephone numbers and titles were correct at time of publication, but may have changed. For additional assistance, journalists and analysts may contact Microsoft’s Rapid Response Team or other appropriate contacts listed at http://www.microsoft.com/news/contactpr.mspx. Back to top
