PRESS RELEASE Cisco Launches I CAN Learn to Inspire Students Through TO2015 Pan Am/Parapan Am Games Teachers: Register Today to Bring the 2015 Games into Your Classroom! TORONTO, ON - November 10, 2014 – Cisco Canada today announced the launch of I CAN Learn. I CAN Learn is a free, dynamic classroom program that leverages athletes, experts, technology and the TORONTO 2015 Pan Am/Parapan Am Games to bring to life a curriculum that teaches STEM concepts through sport.   I CAN Learn was designed to get students excited about math and science and expose them to careers in the field of STEM. The program, aimed at grade 7 students across Canada, will include student and teacher resource books, videos and virtual field trips to create an engaging classroom experience that teaches students the math and science behind sport. Students will benefit from engaging directly with the experts that are tasked with bringing the Games to life, from architects and engineers to sports medicine experts, and the inspiring athletes that are striving to achieve their highest potential. Students will also get a behind-the-scenes look at what goes into creating one of the world’s largest international multi-sport games and explore the themes of STEM, high performance sport, venue construction, architecture and design, and technology in sport and career paths. Cisco will host a sneak peek of the I CAN Learn program on December 1, 2014, at 2:00 pm with its first virtual field trip. This session will feature Taekwondo athlete Adam Tomlinson, Sr., Welter Weight Canadian Champion, who will talk about how technology plays a role in his sport. I CAN Learn will be available to schools in January 2015. Facts and Highlights: Teachers can sign up to participate in the I CAN Learn program by visiting www.ciscoicanlearn.ca I CAN Learn program elements include: Ontario curriculum correlated student resources, for grade 7 students, and teacher resources that offer real-world lessons linking science and math to the Pan Am/Parapan Am Games. Videos – building on the concepts learned in the student resources, these videos will break down the explosive, high-energy, high-impact aspects of sport and sport performance and explain the math and science behind the action. Virtual field trips – connecting students, through in-classroom live virtual events via Cisco WebEx® Enabled TelePresence, to the athletes, venues and experts behind the games, bringing to life concepts outlined in the curriculum. I CAN Learn student and teacher resources are available in English and French. Student resources will be available in English in hard copy in Ontario. English resources for schools outside of Ontario and French resources will be available for download at www.Ciscoicanlearn.ca in January 2015. I CAN Learn is made possible through the generous guidance provided by Pearson Canada Inc., and its expertise in delivering enhanced learning experiences in the classroom. The Pan American Games are the world’s third largest international multi-sport Games; involving some 10,000 athletes and officials, over 20,000 volunteers and an expected one million visitors Cisco is a Premier Partner and the Official Information and Communications Technology Provider of the TORONTO 2015 Pan Am/Parapan Am Games. Cisco will build an end-to-end network infrastructure for the Games, including wireless, network security, collaboration, video, TelePresence™, and unified compute and cloud services, and will offer customized Cisco® Connected Stadium Wi-Fi and StadiumVision™ solutions to fully engage fans in experiencing the Games. Supporting Quotes: Willa Black, VP, Corporate Affairs, Cisco Canada “Our sponsorship of the TORONTO 2015 Pan Am/Parapan Am games goes beyond delivering technology. We have a unique opportunity through the games, to bring a new level of STEM engagement to students across Ontario and Canada. Through I CAN Learn, we hope to expand students’ perspective on STEM, challenging them not only to further their studies in these fields, but also to see its application to everyday life and explore the rewarding careers opportunities it provides. Jacqueline Bannon, Grade 7 Math Teacher, Peel District School Board  “Cisco’s I CAN Learn program aligns perfectly to the Ontario curriculum for grade 7 students, allowing me to easily integrate it into my lesson plans. I’m always looking for new resources to keep students interested and engaged. I CAN Learn offers new material and a fun approach to teaching STEM concepts that I know my students will love.” Saäd Rafi, Chief Executive Officer, TORONTO2015 “Cisco is going beyond delivering the technology behind the Games by bringing the Games into classrooms across Ontario. I CAN Learn is an exciting and innovative program that we know will bring STEM learning to a new level in our schools, and a high level of engagement to students. TORONTO 2015 is proud to have Cisco Canada as a partner of the TORONTO 2015 Pan Am/Parapan Am Games.” Marlene Olsavsky, Head of Marketing & Public Affairs, Pearson Canada “Cisco’s I CAN Learn program makes it easy for teachers to integrate high-quality STEM educational materials into their classroom - eliminating the guesswork and providing all the needed support. The program infuses reading, writing, and math practice with scientific inquiry promoting critical thinking skills and exposing students to highly relevant applications of STEM and exciting career possibilities.” About Cisco Cisco (NASDAQ: CSCO) is the worldwide leader in IT that helps companies seize the opportunities of tomorrow by proving that amazing things can happen when you connect the previously unconnected. Cisco products and services are supplied in Canada by Cisco Systems Canada Co., a wholly owned subsidiary of Cisco Systems, Inc. For ongoing news, please go to http://thenetwork.cisco.com and http://newsroom.cisco.com/canada. Cisco and the Cisco logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of Cisco and/or its affiliates in the U.S. and other countries. A listing of Cisco's trademarks can be found at www.cisco.com/go/trademarks. Third-party trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. The use of the word partner does not imply a partnership relationship between Cisco and any other company.    Press Contacts Investor Relations Contacts Industry Analyst Relations Third Party Contacts