PRESS RELEASE Cisco and Tieto Accelerate the Internet of Everything Revolution CHICAGO, IL, October 14, 2014 – Cisco and Tieto, the largest IT services company in the Nordic countries, today announced a global Internet of Everything collaboration, which helps various industries from manufacturing to healthcare take advantage of the tidal wave of data generated by machines and derive more value from their existing networks. Tieto is the first Nordic company to join the application developer community for Cisco's IOx, which provides an application platform for running Linux-based software directly on Cisco's hardened IoT network platforms. IOx adds a smart software layer to industrial routers deployed at the network edge, enabling more informed decision-making closer to the source. The collaboration between Tieto and Cisco draws on the distinct strengths of each company. Tieto's long-term system integration experience, multi-industry knowledge and innovative machine to machine solutions, and Cisco's vision around the Internet of Everything, its world-class networking solutions, and Cisco Fog Computing™ with IOx, which transforms the network edge into a distributed computing infrastructure for applications, and other ground-breaking technology that make the Internet of Everything reality. Cisco estimates that by 2020, there will be 50 billion connected devices. The data generated by these objects can give businesses greater insight into the health and performance of their operations. Companies can then use that intelligence to improve their productivity. Cisco has created IOx, an application enablement platform, embedded in Cisco Industrial Routers, that combines the communication and computing resources that are required for Internet of Things (IoT) into a single platform for application enablement at the network edge. By adding software applications closer to the data sources, companies can analyze and act on data right at the network edge. With Cisco® IOx, developers have the possibility to create applications, to extend IP connectivity to factories, remote sites and transportation systems, thereby creating new "places in the network" which are subject to harsh weather conditions, high-degrees of vibrations and unreliable Internet connections. "The Internet of Everything is transforming businesses profoundly. It is an industry revolution taking place right now and it will revolutionize the old frameworks of all business thinking. No industry is left untouched," says Taneli Tikka, Head of Industrial Internet at Tieto. "As a long-time partner of customers operating in several industries, Tieto has an excellent opportunity to be the pioneer of this change. Furthermore, by taking advantage of Cisco's IOx platform, Tieto Industrial Internet start-up will actively team with other market-leading solution providers to create an agile worldwide Internet of Everything ecosystem in order to provide the best quality, reliability and functionality for the benefit of our customers." "With machines and sensors producing an ever-increasing amount of data, companies are facing an unprecedented challenge. They need to act in real time with the incoming data and work within the limits of available bandwidth. In order to retain low latency and high QoS, data can be processed locally closer to the data source, be it a factory supply chain, traffic system, power distribution system, basically anything that produces data," comments Kip Compton, vice president and general manager of the IoT Systems and Software Group at Cisco "With Tieto, we now have the first relationship in place in the Nordics to develop fog computing solutions that will alleviate the data tsunami and bring broader Internet of Everything benefits to key industries. A great development, which we will also showcase together in openBerlin, our recently opened Cisco® IoE Innovation Center for manufacturing, transportation and logistics in Berlin." Tieto and Cisco are targeting specific industry issues or opportunities in many industries, starting in manufacturing and transportation, where the first offerings will become available already this autumn. Supporting resources: Read more about Fog Computing: http://newsroom.cisco.com/release/1334100/Cisco-Delivers-Vision-of-Fog-Computing-to-Accelerate-Value-from-Billions-of-Connected-Devices Cisco IOx main site: www.cisco.com/go/iox Read about the real-world benefits in a Cisco blog post: http://blogs.cisco.com/zzfeatured/cisco-iox-real-world-benefits/ About Cisco Cisco (NASDAQ: CSCO) is the worldwide leader in IT that helps companies seize the opportunities of tomorrow by proving that amazing things can happen when you connect the previously unconnected. For ongoing news, please go to http://thenetwork.cisco.com. About Tieto Tieto is the largest Nordic IT services company providing full life-cycle services for both the private and public sectors and product development services in the field of communications and embedded technologies. The company has global presence through its product development business and global delivery centres. Tieto is committed to developing enterprises and society through IT by realizing new opportunities in customers' business transformation. At Tieto, we believe in professional development and results. Founded 1968, headquartered in Helsinki, Finland and with approximately 14 000 experts, the company operates in over 20 countries with net sales of approximately EUR 1.6 billion. Tieto's shares are listed on NASDAQ OMX in Helsinki and Stockholm. Please visit www.tieto.com for more information.  # # # Cisco, CCNP and the Cisco logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of Cisco and/or its affiliates in the U.S. and other countries. A listing of Cisco's trademarks can be found at www.cisco.com/go/trademarks. Third-party trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. The use of the word partner does not imply a partnership relationship between Cisco and any other company. Press Contacts Investor Relations Contacts Industry Analyst Relations Third Party Contacts