PRESS RELEASE Watch Cisco Collaboration Summit Keynote Live, Featuring John Chambers, Rowan Trollope and Box CEO, Aaron Levie Industry Visionaries Discuss How Cisco is Changing the Game in Workplace Collaboration During Streamed Keynote on Nov. 17 at Cisco Collaboration Summit HOW TO JOIN: Cisco will be streaming the keynote from the Cisco Virtual Experience. Registration details are available here. BACKGROUND: Outdated technologies and the "business as usual" approach to collaboration are not meeting the demands of today's increasingly mobile and social workforce. Cisco, along with forward-thinking technology partners such as Box, are building transformative collaboration technologies that disrupt the enterprise collaboration market and embrace the new way people want to work. In the "Reimagine Collaboration: Bringing Amazing to Everyone" keynote address at 1:30 p.m. PT on Nov. 17 at Collaboration Summit 2014, John Chambers, Chairman and CEO, Cisco; Rowan Trollope, Senior Vice President and General Manager, Collaboration Technology Group, Cisco; and Aaron Levie, Co-Founder and CEO, Box, will introduce new collaboration tools that will power this new way of working. This announcement is the next phase of Cisco's mission to deliver "no compromises" collaboration to everyone, changing the collaboration experience for every room, every desk, and every mobile device. Onstage at the JW Marriott in Los Angeles, Calif., Cisco will unveil and demo new products that help teams connect anywhere and at any time, to get work done faster. WHO: ·        John Chambers, Chairman and CEO, Cisco ·        Rowan Trollope, Senior Vice President and General Manager, Collaboration Technology Group, Cisco ·        Aaron Levie, Co-Founder and CEO, Box Key Words: Cisco, Collaboration, John Chambers, Box, Aaron Levie About Cisco Cisco (NASDAQ: CSCO) is the worldwide leader in IT that helps companies seize the opportunities of tomorrow by proving that amazing things can happen when you connect the previously unconnected. For ongoing news, please go to http://thenetwork.cisco.com. # # # Cisco and the Cisco logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of Cisco and/or its affiliates in the U.S. and other countries. A listing of Cisco's trademarks can be found at www.cisco.com/go/trademarks. Third-party trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. The use of the word partner does not imply a partnership relationship between Cisco and any other company. Press Contacts Investor Relations Contacts Industry Analyst Relations Third Party Contacts