PRESS RELEASE Latin American Partners Join Rapidly Expanding Cisco Intercloud Ecosystem Dualtec, Cap Gemini, O4IT and SONDA to Deliver Cisco-Based Cloud Services Blog post from Rob Lloyd, Cisco president of development and sales: Intercloud, The Next Internet Starts Here.   Video from Nick Earle, Cisco senior vice president, Cloud and Managed Services, explaining the Intercloud and outlining Cisco’s four key differentiators.   Feature story on The Network: Welcome to the Intercloud.   Additional information about the Cisco Cloud. CANCUN, Mexico – November 5, 2014 – Today at Cisco Live!™ Cancun, Cisco announced that four new cloud providers from across Latin America have joined its Intercloud partner ecosystem. Capgemini, Dualtec, O4IT and Sonda have added their support to the Intercloud—the worldwide network of interconnected clouds—that Cisco and its partners are rapidly developing to enable a new generation of standardized cloud applications and the proliferation of highly secure hybrid clouds. Cisco is recruiting and enabling partners across the Intercloud ecosystem—from cloud providers, cloud builders and cloud aggregators, to technology partners, independent software vendors (ISV) and cloud resellers. More than 45 partners around the globe are now investing with Cisco to build the Intercloud. Today’s announcement advances Cisco’s plan to address customer requirements for a globally distributed, highly secure cloud platform capable of meeting the robust demands of the Internet of Everything. Designed for high-value application workloads, with real-time analytics and “near infinite” scalability, Cisco's open approach to the Intercloud is based on OpenStack and allows local hosting and local provider options that enable data sovereignty. “Just as Cisco played a leading role in connecting isolated islands of LANs to architect the modern Internet, Cisco is uniquely positioned to connect disparate cloud services to unlock the full potential of cloud,” said Rodolfo Molina, senior director at Cisco. “Our Intercloud strategy is gaining momentum in Latin America and around the world with the promise of delivering a powerful cloud platform with global reach and Internet scale and efficiencies.   Partner Executive Quotes Efrain Soler, Chief Executive Officer, O4IT: “Ever since the creation of O4IT we have discussed with colleagues and other players in the industry the importance of working together to extend the reach of cloud services beyond the scope of local areas served by each provider. Cloud computing will truly fulfill its purpose only when it becomes globally interconnected and standardized, the same way the Internet did decades before to become the quintessential productivity tool of the 21st century. We are happy and proud to be part of this initiative, as we believe Cisco has the enthusiasm and leadership necessary to make it a success: we have seen it through the mutual work we did in order to establish our self-provisioning cloud platform.” Lauro de Lauro, CEO, Dualtec: “Dualtec believes that among the key benefits of cloud computing are portability and freedom, essential for emerging economies such as Brazil. Dualtec has actively worked since 2011 in broadcast and the use of OpenStack technology – we are the technology’s main proponent in Brazil. Intercloud complements our Cloud portfolio by providing a 100 percent OpenStack public cloud that is an excellent alternative to AWS. Offering the Cisco Cloud platform, we will be able to deliver true hybrid services to our customers throughout Brazil.” Sergio Rademacher, Cloud Director, SONDA LATAM: "SONDA is committed to delivering Cisco Cloud services to customers across Latin America. We believe Intercloud is one of the most important strategies in the IT marketplace—creating a federation of cloud providers that will generate innovative cloud services through the provisioning of a scalable, flexible and secure platform. Customers will be able to choose how they consume and run their workloads and applications, making them more efficient and responsive to their business needs. By combining our ability to deliver world-class solutions and services based on Cisco technology with more than 40 years of expertise in IT integration, SONDA and Cisco will unleash the power of hybrid cloud for our customers. Our customers will be able to utilize the five data center nodes we operate across Latin America delivering Cisco Powered cloud services, with the assurance that SONDA is a Cisco Master Cloud Provider and Managed Services partner.”   Supporting Materials Blog post from Rob Lloyd, Cisco president of development and sales: Intercloud, The Next Internet Starts Here. Video from Nick Earle, Cisco senior vice president, Cloud and Managed Services, explaining the Intercloud and outlining Cisco’s four key differentiators. Feature story on The Network: Welcome to the Intercloud. Additional information about the Cisco Cloud. Additional information about the Cisco Powered program.   About Cisco Cisco (NASDAQ: CSCO) is the worldwide leader in IT that helps companies seize the opportunities of tomorrow by proving that amazing things can happen when you connect the previously unconnected. For ongoing news, please go to http://thenetwork.cisco.com.   ###   Cisco and the Cisco logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of Cisco and/or its affiliates in the U.S. and other countries. A listing of Cisco's trademarks can be found at www.cisco.com/go/trademarks. Third-party trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. The use of the word partner does not imply a partnership relationship between Cisco and any other company.   Forward-Looking Statements This release may be deemed to contain forward-looking statements, which are subject to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements include, among others, statements regarding the addition of new Intercloud partners from across Latin America and the development of Latin America clouds, rapid development of the Intercloud, and Cisco's plans to address customer requirements for the Intercloud that involve risks and uncertainties. Readers are cautioned that these forward-looking statements are only predictions and may differ materially from actual future events or results due to a variety of factors, including, among other things the ability of the companies to partner successfully, the ability to achieve expected benefits of our partnerships, business and economic conditions and growth trends in the networking industry, our customer markets and various geographic regions; global economic conditions and uncertainties in the geopolitical environment; overall information technology spending; the growth and evolution of the Internet and levels of capital spending on Internet-based systems; variations in customer demand for products and services, including sales to the service provider market and other customer markets; the return on our investments and in certain geographical locations; increased competition in our product and service markets, including the data center; dependence on the introduction and market acceptance of new product offerings and standards; rapid technological and market change; and other factors listed in Cisco's most recent report on Form 10-K filed on September 9, 2014. Any forward-looking statements in this release are based on limited information currently available to Cisco, which is subject to change, and Cisco will not necessarily update the information. Press Contacts Investor Relations Contacts Industry Analyst Relations Third Party Contacts