PRESS RELEASE Cisco Announces Winners of the First Cisco Entrepreneurs in Residence (EIR) Program in Europe at The Pioneers Festival, Vienna Six early-stage startups focused on Big Data, Smart Cities and IoT/Cloud selected to accelerate Internet of Everything (IoE) growth and innovation in Europe VIENNA, October 29, 2014 – Today Cisco announced the 6 winners of the first Cisco Entrepreneurs in Residence (EIR) Program in Europe during the Pioneers Festival in Vienna.  Cisco EIR is an incubation program focused on nurturing and growing breakthrough advancements at early-stage startups. The first cohort of winners from Europe have undergone a rigorous multi-phase selection process, including a final pitch during the Pioneers Investors Day, focused on the viability of their business plans, the strength of the teams and their alignment with Cisco’s strategic focus on IoE. The winners are:  Big Data and analytics Dataiku (France): develops a software workspace called Data Science Studio (DSS) for business analysts and data scientists that aggregates all the steps and big data tools necessary to get from raw data to production-ready applications. MammothDB (Bulgaria): created an analytics database for enterprise data warehousing. It is an inexpensive database that is compliant with industry standards and is designed to serve as the data warehouse backbone for enterprise business analytics. Mentat Innovations (Greece, UK): specializes in technology for streaming data analytics at scale using cutting edge statistical techniques and infrastructure.  Their solutions have immediate applicability in areas including cybersecurity, defense & intelligence, retail, Web analytics and healthcare. Smart Cities Graphmasters (Germany): specializes in Cloud-based routing to reduce traffic jams. By providing centralized routing decisions and precise, personalized driving instructions, traffic can be managed more efficiently. ICE Gateway (Germany): develops an outdoor wireless infrastructure that serves as a communication platform for smart city applications, including parking, lighting, location-based services and many others. IoT/Cloud Flatout (Austria): provides affordable and easy-to-use Smart Home solutions to businesses interested in entering the connected living market. The Cisco EIR Program, launched in the USA in August 2013 and in Europe, Middle East, Africa and Russia (EMEAR) in July 2014, aims to nurture early-stage startups working on the next big idea for the Internet of Everything (IoE).  Once on-board, each cohort of entrepreneurs in Europe spends six months in residence with Cisco and Cisco partners in Vienna.  The Cisco EIR Program offers the successful startups strategic funding, access to co-working space, basic software tools and a potential opportunity to collaborate with Cisco product and engineering teams.  “Cisco EIR takes Cisco’s best practices coupled with its partner ecosystem to help startups accelerate their product development and business growth. Cisco’s goal is to create an environment that embraces strategic freedom while giving the startups potential opportunities to collaborate closely with Cisco,” said Mala Anand, Senior Vice President, Cisco Services Platforms Group.  “Europe is a hotbed of entrepreneurial talent, and Vienna is a place where the concept of open innovation and startup incubation is well understood – both are gateways to key emerging markets.  Through this collaboration with Pioneers, the successful applicants will have unprecedented access to Cisco and Cisco’s partner ecosystem to fuel their growth trajectories.” Cisco EIR launched its first cohort consisting of six startups in Silicon Valley in April 2014.  This program has now expanded with six startups in Europe, which will begin their in-residence incubation with Cisco in January 2015. The selected companies are going to be supported by a team of executives  and mentors who represent a cross-section of expertise from Cisco and its partners.  For more information please visit www.eir.cisco.com and our recent Cisco EIR blog post. For questions email us at eir-program@cisco.com. About Cisco Cisco (NASDAQ: CSCO) is the worldwide leader in IT that helps companies seize the opportunities of tomorrow by proving that amazing things can happen when you connect the previously unconnected. For ongoing news, please go to http://thenetwork.cisco.com. As the worldwide leader in networking, Cisco is committed to helping people develop the technology and career skills they will need to succeed in tomorrow's workforce. Learn more about Cisco's series on the workforce of the future at http://csr.cisco.com/pages/workforce-readiness About Pioneers Pioneers is an international platform positioned at the intersection of entrepreneurship, science and future technologies. The company inspires, empowers and connects entrepreneurs and supports them in solving the world’s biggest challenges through innovation. Pioneers brings together its community at over 60 international events all over the globe including the renowned Pioneers Festival in Imperial Palace, Vienna. The company acts as one of the key architects within the European startup communities, and is an interface between startups, corporations and investors. ### Cisco and the Cisco logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of Cisco and/or its affiliates in the U.S. and other countries. A listing of Cisco's trademarks can be found at www.cisco.com/go/trademarks. Third-party trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. The use of the word partner does not imply a partnership relationship between Cisco and any other company. Press Contacts Investor Relations Contacts Industry Analyst Relations Third Party Contacts