PRESS RELEASE Centros de Integración Juvenil and Cisco Networking Academy to Open a New Academy in the Mayan Riviera This academy is expected to serve 40 students in the first year Cisco Live! Cancun. November 4, 2014.- Centros de Integración Juvenil today opened a Cisco Networking Academy® in the Caribbean city of Cancun to offer courses in IT Essentials and in the near future on Entrepreneurship, Get Connected and Internet of Everything. Courses will be held on their premises in Cancun. The Cisco Networking Academy is a cloud-based, scalable, high-quality educational program that helps students develop the practical skills needed to design, build, secure and maintain computer networks. Centros de Integración Juvenil (CIJ) are a nonprofit civil association that belongs to the Mexican Ministry of Health, and is focused on helping young people break the cycle of depression and addiction resulting from drug use. In 2008 Cisco signed an agreement with CIJ to launch the first Cisco® Networking Academy for its patients as part of their rehabilitation plan. In these academies, CIJ therapists received training to deliver the Cisco Networking Academy curriculum. Before class, patients attend a group therapy session to work on self-esteem and ways to help each other. During class, the therapist introduces the network and technology related topics, and an IT expert volunteer is on hand to help. The therapists understand the unique challenges of each patient and how to keep them from giving up or losing focus and understand the particular needs of the students. The new CIJ–Cisco Networking Academy address is Región 92, manzana 63, lote 3, Colonia Benito Juarez, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico. To date there are 20 CIJ‑Cisco Networking Academies in three Mexican states, and more than 150 students have completed the courses since 2008. The Cisco Networking Academy program in Mexico is one of the largest worldwide, with 380 academies in Mexico and nearly 50,000 students. Supporting quotes: Carmen Fernández Cáceres, Centros de Integración Juvenil, A.C. General Director "Thanks to the collaboration and teamwork between Cisco and Centros de Integración Juvenil, our patients conclude a therapeutic treatment with tools and skills in technology, discovering strengths and courage to face the future and reach success". Rogelio Velasco, Vice President of Cisco México "Cisco Networking Academy delivers a comprehensive, 21st-century learning experience to help students develop the foundational ICT skills needed to design, build, manage, and secure networks, along with career skills such as problem solving, collaboration, communication and critical thinking. Working with CIJ, our courses offer a new beginning to the students, who at the same time work in their recovery and acquire new skills that will help them get a new start once their treatment is over". About Centros de Integración Juvenil Centros de Integración Juvenil, A.C. (CIJ) is a social assistance institution specializing in the integral care of the drug dependent; it is incorporated to the health sector, headed by the Secretariat of Health, and ruled by the regulation of para-state entities of the Federal Government. The CIJ has developed programs and projects of prevention, treatment, social reintegration, research and human resources development (HDR) in the field of addictions for 42 years. About Cisco Networking Academy The Cisco Networking Academy® program helps fill the global demand for network professionals by increasing access to information and communications technology (ICT) education and career opportunities. It encourages economic growth in communities around the world by producing skilled computer networking professionals to support local industries. The Networking Academy embraces the latest advances in technology to create a rich, interactive learning experience and set a standard for technology use in ICT education. About Cisco Cisco (NASDAQ: CSCO) is the worldwide leader in IT that helps companies seize the opportunities of tomorrow by proving that amazing things can happen when you connect the previously unconnected. For ongoing news, please go to http://thenetwork.cisco.com Cisco and the Cisco logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of Cisco and/or its affiliates in the U.S. and other countries. A listing of Cisco's trademarks can be found at www.cisco.com/go/trademarks. Third-party trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. The use of the word partner does not imply a partnership relationship between Cisco and any other company Press Contacts Investor Relations Contacts Industry Analyst Relations Third Party Contacts