Dell names Ganesh Murthy Chief Financial Officer (CFO) of Dell Services Print Check out this page on Dell.com! Email RSS Feed Date : 09/06/2014 Bangalore, India Dell today announced that Ganesh Murthy has joined the company as vice president and chief financial officer of Dell Services. He will report to Thomas Sweet, senior vice president and chief financial officer of Dell, and will support the Dell Services business and Suresh Vaswani, president of Dell Services. He will be based in Bangalore. Ganesh joins Dell from Mphasis Limited, a subsidiary of Hewlett-Packard (HP), where he worked for five years serving as executive vice president and CFO. Previous to Mphasis he was the finance director for HP GlobalSoft Limited in Bangalore. In Mphasis he successfully led the acquisition and integration of four M&A targets and was awarded the CFO100 Roll of Honour in Winning Edge in Cost Management by the CFO Institute. Ganesh has also held leading finance positions at Texas Instruments and Thomson Multimedia. He is an accomplished speaker, and is part of the Executive Committee of the American Chamber of Commerce and Confederation of Indian Industry Southern Region. “Ganesh’s deep business and finance acumen, impressive track record of financial leadership and strong services background make him a great fit for his new role with Dell Services,” said Suresh Vaswani, president, Dell Services. “Ganesh will help us execute our long-term strategy of innovating and driving value for our customers and the transformation of our business with disciplined cost management. Dell Services has a strong leadership presence in India and the addition of Ganesh to the team demonstrates the growing importance of this region to our Services business.” “I’m thrilled to join Dell and look forward to working closely with Suresh and the Dell leadership team,” said Mr. Murthy. “Dell has begun a new chapter as a private company. That, along with the tremendous market potential that Dell Services offers, makes this a very exciting opportunity.” Media Contacts Savitha Lakshman Dell Services India (+91) 99029 22665 savitha_lakshman@dell.com Corie Pierce Dell Services +1 (972) 577-3430 corie_pierce@dell.com   About Dell Dell Inc. listens to customers and delivers worldwide innovative technology, business solutions and services that give them the power to do more. Dell Services develops and delivers a comprehensive suite of services and solutions in applications, business process, consulting, infrastructure and support to help customers succeed. For more information, visit www.dell.com. Dell is a trademark of Dell Inc. Dell disclaims any proprietary interest in the marks and names of others
