Dell Helps Key U.S. Navy and Northrop Grumman Project Take Flight Print Check out this page on Dell.com! Email RSS Feed Date : 04/06/2014 Round Rock, Texas The U.S. Navy’s X-47B unmanned aircraft, built by Northrop Grumman, is powered by Dell technology including servers, storage and workstations The X-47B used Dell’s commercial-off-the-shelf technology to create new ground control system The U.S. Navy, along with Northrop Grumman, a leading global security company that provides innovative products and solutions to government and commercial customers worldwide, used Dell data center solutions to help power the X-47B Unmanned Combat Air System recently recognized with the prestigious Robert J. Collier Trophy for outstanding achievement in aeronautics. In addition, the team also won a Popular Mechanics Breakthrough Award in 2013 for being one of the 10 Innovators Who Changed the World in 2013.   The X-47B is a tailless, strike fighter-sized unmanned aircraft developed as part of the U.S. Navy's Unmanned Combat Air System (UCAS) Carrier Demonstration program. Under a contract awarded in 2007, Northrop Grumman designed, produced and is currently flight testing two X-47B aircraft. In 2013, these aircraft were used to successfully demonstrate the first ever carrier-based launches and recoveries by an autonomous, low-observable, relevant unmanned aircraft. To support autonomous flight, Northrop Grumman utilized Dell’s commercial-off-the-shelf technology to develop X-47B’s high-performance ground control system. As a result of partnering with Dell, Northrop Grumman was effectively able to: Lower cost and improve on timelines by using a commercial off the shelf (COTS) solution for what was previously a custom solution in Ground Based Systems. Maintain and sustain their technology over the life of the program. Leverage COTS solutions across other UAS platforms. “Developing the X-47B system required us to innovate not just technologically, but also on cost,” said Pablo Gonzalez, Northrop Grumman’s X-47B program manager. “Dell presented us with a suite of COTS solutions that gave us both performance and the flexibility needed for our IT infrastructure, while keeping costs low.” About Dell Dell Inc. listens to customers and delivers innovative technology and services that give them the power to do more. For more information, visit www.dell.com.
