Protecting Data Wherever it Goes: Dell Unveils New End User Data Security Solutions to Empower Today’s Evolving Workforce Print Check out this page on Dell.com! Email RSS Feed Date : 26/06/2014 Austin, Texas   Dell Data Protection | Cloud Edition and Dropbox for Business offer users great functionality as well as advanced control and manageability Additions to commercial client portfolio offer more choice and flexibility with the industry’s most secure PC, the OptiPlex 9030 All-in-One Receives world’s first FIPS 140-2 Level 3 certification for commercial PCs with DDP | Hardware Crypto Accelerator   Dell today announced new proactive security solutions designed to provide organizations of all sizes with protection for their valuable data in the face of new and increasingly sophisticated end user security threats, while continuing to meet employees’ expectations for anytime, anywhere productivity and data access. These additions include enhanced security features for Dell Data Protection | Cloud Edition with Dropbox for Business, new products within the industry’s most secure commercial PC portfolio, and the world’s first commercially available FIPS-140 Level 3 certified commercial PCs with Hardware Crypto Accelerator. “Increasingly, customers request a single, turnkey solution to secure their devices. Security is no longer solely the concern of large enterprises. Small, medium and midmarket organizations also are placing a significant focus on their cyber security infrastructures,” said Brett Hansen, Executive Director, Client Solutions Software, Dell. “That’s why Dell offers a seamless end user security suite with file-level and full disk encryption, as well as advanced, multi-factor authentication that delivers proactive protection against the daily threat of malware. It’s a true solution and simply unmatched by the competition.” Enhanced User Experience for the Dell Data Protection | Cloud Edition and Dropbox for Business Integration Dell and Dropbox are committed to offering customers simple and secure solutions that help businesses get things done. Today, Dell is excited to announce an update to its initial integration of Dell Data Protection| Cloud Edition and Dropbox for Business. With this new version, DDP|CE customers now enjoy the key features and functionality currently offered in Dropbox for Business while maintaining compliance requirements. A few of the features enabled in this update include:   Separation of personal and work data — Dell Data Protection | Cloud Edition now allows users to access both their personal account and their business account within any Dropbox application. DDP|CE ensures that company files are properly managed and secured while not disrupting the end user’s productivity and encrypts only sensitive company data, not personal files. IT can now also educate users on proper security precautions by issuing an automatic alert to the user when business files are placed in a personal folder. Simple, Safe and Available on the Go: The integration of Dell Data Protection | Cloud Edition will now allow Dropbox users to utilize the popular one-click sharing capability, while maintaining file-level encryption. Also, employees will now be able to open encrypted files through the Dropbox app on both Android and iOS devices. Remote wipe — In addition to using the Dropbox for Business admin console, DDP|CE customers can now complete a remote wipe from the centralized DDP|CE admin console.   Sleek and Secure Commercial Endpoint Devices Dell is committed to providing customers with secure, manageable and reliable endpoint devices to meet the unique needs of their workforces. The sleek OptiPlex 9030 All-in-One, the industry’s most secure PC, provides comprehensive encryption, advanced authentication and malware prevention from a single source. Dell Data Protection | Security Tools provides single sign-on and authentication management and delivers an additional layer of data protection with secure credential storage via the Trusted Platform Module (TPM). For physical security, the OptiPlex 9030 All-in-One has lock slot support, a lockable port cover and chassis intrusion detection. Additionally, for users and customers who choose to secure their apps and content in the datacenter, Dell offers the choice of desktop virtualization. Introduced last month, the Dell Wyse 5000 series All-in-One thin client, 7000 series quad-display thin client and Xenith 3 zero client for ultimate in security, manageability and reliability. Dell also announced its first functionality updates to the Wyse Cloud Connect personal cloud access device, enabling enterprise-level security and manageability in a form factor slightly larger than a USB stick to give businesses a compelling new mobility option to enhance user productivity without sacrificing IT control and manageability . Industry’s First FIPS 140-2 Level 3 Certification Federal Information Processing Standards (FIPS) are developed by the United States federal government for the validation and evaluation and security of software and hardware—a standard that is becoming increasingly important, even outside of the United States. Dell has announced that it has achieved the highest FIPS standard for system disk encryption, with Dell’s Hardware Crypto Accelerator acquiring FIPS 140-2 Level 3 certification. Level 3 adds the ability for companies to go beyond detection and automatically remedy/address the tamper attempt. Dell is the only vendor to have achieved this level of certification for a commercially available system disk encryption solution. Dell Data Protection | Hardware Crypto Accelerator converts the hard drive of select Dell Latitude notebooks, OptiPlex desktops and Precision workstations into fast (3 gigabits-per-second), self-encrypting, tamper-resistant devices. While HCA completely eliminates the need to purchase separate self-encrypting drives (SED), it also uniquely operates without sacrificing system performance or disrupting existing IT processes. By architecting security solutions that have common DNA from the end user device to the data center to the cloud, Dell is committed to a connected, holistic security approach that is more efficient, secure and easily adopted to work with business, not against it. Availability Dell Data Protection | Cloud Edition with Dropbox for Business with the new capabilities is available on July 1, 2014 everywhere Dropbox for Business is sold. With its new reseller partnership with Dropbox launching July 7th, Dell's sales team will begin bringing Dropbox for Business to their customers in North America. This lets Dell offer customers a single place for their commercial software needs, including a best-in-class file sync and share solution and DDP|CE which helps businesses meet their regulatory and compliance requirements. The OptiPlex 9030 All-in-One, Dell Wyse 5000 series all-in-one thin client, Dell Wyse 7000 series quad-display thin client, and Dell Wyse Xenith 3 are all currently shipping and available worldwide. About Dell Dell Inc. listens to customers and delivers innovative technology and services that give them the power to do more. For more information, visit www.dell.com. Dell is a trademark of Dell Inc. Dell disclaims any proprietary interest in the marks and names of others.  
