Dell Boomi AtomSphere Takes Adaptive Approach to Application Integration Print Check out this page on Dell.com! Email RSS Feed Date : 22/04/2014 Round Rock, Texas Boomi Resolve leverages crowdsourcing to enable resolution of common errors in minutes Dell Boomi receives patent for Predictive Assistance, an innovation for improving customer success AtomSphere usage grows by 13x year over year, from 35 million integration processes per month to 450 million integration processes today Dell Software today announced the spring 2014 release of Dell Boomi AtomSphere® integration platform as a service (iPaaS) featuring an adaptive approach to application integration designed to accelerate customer time to value. Leveraging AtomSphere’s unique single-instance, multi-tenant architecture to gain deep insight into customer usage metrics, the integration platform now offers key capabilities that evolve over time as customers evolve. Usage of Dell Boomi AtomSphere iPaaS has grown by 13x year over year, from 35 million integrations last year to 450 million integrations today. “As an iPaaS provider, we measure our success by our ability to accelerate customer time to value and overall customer success,” said Chris McNabb, general manager of Dell Boomi. “Our single-instance, multi-tenant architecture offers us a unique ability to aggregate customer usage information. This has allowed us to create innovations such as Boomi Resolve and Predictive Assistance, which ensure our customers can reduce time to value and optimize their return on investment by utilizing our integration platform to its fullest potential. Our iPaaS also includes new capabilities native to our platform, including a SOA Dashboard, message queuing and JSON and XML conversion to reduce the complexity and increase productivity for customers building modern enterprise integrations.” The new AtomSphere capabilities include: Boomi Resolve: Speed Customer Time to Value Boomi Resolve helps users quickly solve common errors thus improving customer productivity and increasing ease of use. Easily accessible through a tab on the Boomi AtomSphere interface, Boomi Resolve automatically lists possible solutions in order of relevancy and includes links to full articles for further explanation and suggested resolution. Boomi Resolve is powered by a continuously growing repository of links between errors encountered in the AtomSphere iPaaS and articles in the Boomi User Community knowledge base. As a result, Boomi Resolve continues to become more intelligent and helpful as commonly found issues are identified and recommended solutions are provided. As of April 2014, 16.7 million total error messages had been captured, and the 100 most common errors account for 80 percent of all error messages. Predictive Assistance: Patented Innovation for Customer Success Dell Boomi has been awarded U.S. Patent No. 8,589,207 related to Predictive Assistance. Predictive Assistance integrates near-real-time customer usage metrics, such as amount of data flowing through integrations and active updates to integrations, with Dell Boomi’s customer relationship management (CRM) system. The Dell Boomi Client Services team proactively reaches out to customers whose usage metrics indicate that an engagement can increase their success and optimize their use of the Boomi integration platform. SOA Dashboard: Low-latency Process Metrics At a Glance The SOA Dashboard provides an at-a-glance status report of the performance of an organization’s low-latency, mission-critical integration process services. Process performance is flagged red/green/yellow, and drill-down capabilities within the SOA Dashboard help users identify and resolve the problem. Message Queuing: Simplify Enterprise Integration Dell Boomi native message queuing spares customers the expense and complexity of purchasing, implementing and supporting a standalone messaging solution. Unique to Dell Boomi, native message queuing provides a number of key capabilities, including: Point-to-point (queue) and publish/subscribe (durable topic) Support for local, on-premises Atoms and Molecules as well as the Boomi Atom Cloud Ability for external applications to push or pop messages on or off a Boomi queue According to John Zur of Brady Corporation, “Queuing is essential functionality for our broad spectrum of simple-to-complex integration scenarios. The Dell Boomi team listened to our requirements for queuing and has delivered. This new feature provides substantial productivity and time to value benefits as I don’t have to invest in separate tools to take advantage of message queuing .” JSON/XML: JSON Support and Conversion Between XML and JSON Enhanced support for and bidirectional conversion between XML and JSON, the two standard data formats used for developing web, mobile and social applications, enables customers to accelerate application integration across these formats. Boomi by the Numbers Platform growth: 13x year over year, from 35 million integration processes per month last year to 450 million integration processes today. Customers: 2000 global multi-national and mid-sized enterprise customers use Dell Boomi AtomSphere. Atoms in use: More than 7,000 Atoms have been deployed in production. Boomi Suggest momentum: Number of mappings indexed: over 9 million, compared to 4 million last year. Customer satisfaction: Dell Boomi AtomSphere customer renewal rate has risen to 94 percent today, well above the industry average of 90 percent, and points to the success of Predictive Assistance. About Dell Boomi Dell Boomi delivers AtomSphere integration platform as a service (iPaaS) and Master Data Management (MDM) solutions to enable customers to integrate any combination of cloud and on-premises applications without software, appliances, or coding. Organizations of all sizes, from growing mid-market companies to very large enterprises, enjoy rapid time to value as a result of drastically reduced implementation times and substantial cost savings over traditional integration and master data management solutions. Visit www.boomi.com for more information. A Complete End-to-End Information Management Solution Dell Boomi is a part of Dell Software’s Information Management group. Dell enables organizations to turn data into actionable business insights by delivering an integrated set of vendor-, location- and data type-agnostic solutions spanning the modern information management lifecycle, including database management and optimization, application and data integration, master data management, data warehousing, business analytics and discovery. Learn more about Dell’s Information Management software solution by visiting us online. Delivering Complete and Connected Software Solutions Dell Software empowers companies of all sizes to experience Dell’s “Power to Do More” by delivering scalable yet simple-to-use solutions that can increase productivity, responsiveness and efficiency. Dell Software is uniquely positioned to address today’s most pressing business and IT challenges with holistic, connected software offerings across five core solution areas, encompassing data center and cloud management, information management, mobile workforce management, security and data protection. This software, when combined with Dell hardware and services, helps customers simplify IT, mitigate risk and accelerate business results. Media Contact Erin McCabe | eastwick | 408 470 4872 | dell_boomi@eastwick.com Analyst Contact Gwen Palmer | Dell | 512 723 4436 | gwen_palmer@dell.com Investor Relations Contacts Karen Litzler-Hollier | Dell | 512 728 0388 | karen_litzler-hollie@dell.com Karina Franco | Dell | 512 728 5224 | karina_franco@dell.com About Dell DellDell Inc. listens to customers and delivers innovative technology and services that give them the power to do more. For more information, visit www.dell.com. Tweet this: @Dell @Boomi grows 13x year over year reaching 450M #integration processes #iPaaS http://dell.to/1kENKiU Dell and Dell Boomi are trademarks of Dell Inc. Dell disclaims any proprietary interest in the marks and names of others.
