Dell Software Continues Data Protection Enhancements, Launching Two New Backup Appliances and Latest Release of AppAssure Print Check out this page on Dell.com! Email RSS Feed Date : 15/07/2014 Round Rock, Texas New AppAssure-powered DL1000 appliance delivers affordable and reliable backup, recovery and restore capabilities for small businesses and managed service providers Launch of DR2000v extends Dell’s DR series of deduplication appliances with solution built specifically for remote and branch offices Latest release of AppAssure data protection software brings numerous enhancements, including addition of cloud-access management and archive-to-cloud capabilities Dell Software today announced the availability of two new backup appliances and a host of enhancements to its AppAssure backup, replication and disaster recovery software. Newly launched solutions include the Dell DL1000, an AppAssure-powered purpose-built backup appliance optimized for use by small- and medium-sized businesses, as well as managed service providers, and the Dell DR2000v, a software-based virtual deduplication appliance optimized for use in remote office and branch office (ROBO) settings. In addition, the latest release of the company’s flagship AppAssure data protection software solution features a series of upgrades, including the addition of cloud access management and archive-to-cloud capabilities, as well as expanded virtual machine support. The trio of releases further extends the depth and breadth of Dell Software’s growing portfolio of end-to-end data protection solutions. With an array of technologies that complement each other and fit environments with diverse protection requirements, Dell Software gives customers the flexibility and versatility they need to protect data and applications across physical, virtual or cloud environments. Dell’s data protection solutions are used globally by more than 83,000 customers who depend on them to add value to the business by minimizing downtime, safeguarding against data loss, and reducing costs and complexity. News Facts: With the launch of the Dell DL1000 and Dell DR2000v, as well as the latest release of AppAssure, Dell Software now delivers an even broader range of data protection choices that help customers of all sizes better match their backup strategies with their evolving business needs . Dell DL1000: Designed specifically for smaller digital environments, the DL1000 is an integrated backup appliance that provides fast and reliable backup and recovery capabilities. Combining the reliability of Dell’s PowerEdge servers with the award-winning power of its AppAssure data protection software, the DL1000 is a turnkey solution for small businesses that is easily deployed and works seamlessly across physical, virtual and cloud environments. A solution built on a Dell PowerEdge R220 server with AppAssure already installed, the DL1000 provides near-continuous data protection by taking snapshots as often as every 60 minutes utilizing AppAssure’s changed data tracking and de-duplication that backs up and moves only data that has changed to minimize networking and storage requirements. Additionally, the DL1000 features a cloud connector that gives customers an easy way to use a public cloud as the target for AppAssure archives. Supported public clouds include Amazon S3, Microsoft Azure, RackSpace, and OpenStack-based platforms. The DL1000 comes equipped with either 2 or 3 terabytes (TB) of usable capacity, and the 3TB version also can be ordered with two licensed Microsoft Hyper-V virtual machines.   Dell DR2000v: An expansion of Dell’s popular DR series of backup and deduplication appliances, the DR2000v is a virtual appliance designed specifically for ROBO settings. A pure software backup and recovery solution, the DR2000v runs inside a virtual machine on a hypervisor server and works in tandem with any physical Dell DR appliance, including the DR4000, DR4100 and DR6000. With the DR2000v, customers can back up their remote and branch offices, and then replicate that data to a central office, thus enabling edge-to-core backup and disaster recovery without adding to the organization’s overall hardware footprint. Easy to deploy in ROBO settings, the DR2000v supports a wide variety of backup software applications — including Dell’s own NetVault Backup and vRanger solutions — to help customers solve issues associated with growth of ROBO data. It can run on customers’ existing VMware ESXi or Microsoft Hyper-V hypervisors, enabling server consolidation and helping further lower the total cost of ownership. The DR2000v offers the same global, in-line, variable-block deduplication customers have come to expect from Dell DR Series appliances. It reduces the volume of data from backups by a ratio of up to 15:1, and is available in capacity points of 1, 2 or 4TBs. As part of this launch, Dell also is updating all of its DR series appliances with new cascaded replication and replication seeding capabilities. Cascaded replication gives customers the ability to replicate to a third site for additional disaster recovery flexibility, while replication seeding speeds up the process of establishing a disaster recovery site.   AppAssure 5.4.2: The latest release of Dell Sofware’s all-in-one backup, replication and recovery software, AppAssure 5.4.2 includes myriad enhancements that broaden platform support while improving cloud and archive functionality. Notable new features include: Cloud access management — AppAssure now features a simple account management interface that allows accounts to be added and managed for each cloud provider, thus enabling the user’s cloud to also become a target for archive activities. Cloud archive and import — AppAssure 5.4.2 improves archive by adding a number of cloud storage targets, including Amazon S3, Microsoft Azure, Rackspace and OpenStack-based platforms. Additionally, users now can import cloud archives back into their AppAssure repositories with just a few clicks. Scheduled and incremental archive — The newest release includes the ability to create recurring scheduled archives on a daily, weekly, or monthly basis, as well as the option to update existing archives with incremental changes by storing only the changes since the last archive, eliminating the need to create a full archive each time. Expanded platform support — AppAssure 5.4.2 delivers support for Hyper-V Generation 2 Virtual Machines, as well as for VMware VM Hardware version 10. In addition, the new release has achieved FIPS 140-2 Certification, a security standard that indicates AppAssure is now using government-certified encryption. Availability and Pricing: The DL1000, DR2000v, and AppAssure 5.4.2 are available now. All three solutions are available direct from Dell or through the channel. Pricing for the DL1000 starts at $4,800 for 2TB of capacity, $6,500 for 3TB of capacity, and $8,800 for 3TB of capacity, plus two licensed Microsoft Hyper-V virtual machines. Pricing for the DR2000v starts $4,200 for 1TB of capacity, $7,500 for 2TB, and $13,500 for 4TB. Quotes: Paul Davis, director of product management, data protection, Dell Software “At Dell Software, we’re committed to giving customers a full range of backup technology choices, so that whether you’re a global enterprise with offices around the world, or a small businesses operating out of your home, you have the flexibility you need to ensure true business resiliency. Regardless of the size of your organization or the nature of your backup needs, we encourage customers to compare Dell’s solutions to those of competing providers. With Dell’s combination of superior technology and compelling price points, we’re confident the difference will be clear.” Ron Salazar, general manager, MR2 Solutions “As a solutions provider, it’s important that we have the ability to align our technology offerings with the specific needs of each individual customer. One-size-fits-all just doesn’t work, especially with backup. That’s why it’s paramount for us to partner with a backup vendor that offers our customers the choice and flexibility they need, and that’s exactly what we get from Dell Software. The addition of two new appliance offerings to Dell’s already robust portfolio of data protection products makes it that much easier for us to identify the right solutions for our customers based on their specific business challenges.” Jim Friedrich, Field Sales Engineer, ARC “Data and information today is the lifeblood of most companies, and it’s critical that none of that data gets overlooked during the backup and recovery process. Data residing in small offices, home offices, and remote or branch offices needs to be protected just the same as any other data, and that’s why we’re so excited about the addition of the DL1000 and DR2000v to the Dell backup portfolio. Dell has been continuously working to upgrade and enhance its suite of backup offerings in order to meet the needs of customers of all sizes, and these new product releases are another great step in that direction.” Delivering Complete and Connected Software Solutions Dell Software empowers companies of all sizes to experience Dell’s “Power to Do More” by delivering scalable yet simple-to-use solutions that can increase productivity, responsiveness and efficiency. Dell Software is uniquely positioned to address today’s most pressing business and IT challenges with holistic, connected software offerings across five core solution areas, encompassing data center and cloud management, information management, mobile workforce management, security and data protection. This software, when combined with Dell hardware and services, helps customers simplify IT, mitigate risk and accelerate business results. About Dell Dell Inc. listens to customers and delivers innovative technology and services that give them the power to do more. For more information, visit www.dell.com. Tweet this: Addition of two new appliances, latest release of AppAssure bolster @DellSoftware’s backup offerings http://dell.to/1sHXETu   Dell is a trademark of Dell Inc. Dell disclaims any proprietary interest in the marks and names of others.  
