Little Bear Blue unveiled outside Framestore in London to celebrate Paddington the movie NEWS HIGHLIGHTS Intel’s Little Bear Blue one of 50 bespoke Paddington statues to be discovered across London Unique design influenced by the concept of Paddington the ‘Explorer’ Visual Effects House Framestore used Intel Technology to create the CGI Paddington in upcoming movie   London, Nov 4th 2014 – The Paddington Trail launches today and celebrates not only the upcoming release of Paddington the movie which is released in UK cinemas on 28 November, but also London’s art, culture and innovation. Fifty unique Paddington statues have been placed across London close to the iconic Peruvian explorer’s favourite landmarks and Intel is proud to unveil its own statue, Little Bear Blue, outside Framestore HQ in Soho. Framestore is the Bafta and Oscar-winning visual effects house that has used Intel technology to bring Michael Bond’s beloved creation to life in the hugely anticipated movie.  The design of Little Bear Blue pays homage to the concept of Paddington the ‘Explorer’ and is also influenced by Intel’s core philosophy of ‘It’s What’s Inside that Counts’. The cluster of ‘magical’ white lights take reference from the stars in the night sky; what Paddington might have seen travelling across the oceans from Peru to London and beyond. The utilisation of his famous duffle coat as this focal ‘magical’ element signifies Paddington’s inherent passion for discovery and almost brings Little Bear Blue to life, the same way Intel technology has brought him to life in the movie. The 3ft 6inch statue was built by creative agency, 3DEye and will be auctioned online by Christie’s from 10th December to raise vital funds for the NSPCC and its ChildLine services.   To coincide with The Paddington Trail, Intel is also launching a social media competition whereby participants can tweet or comment “Where do you want to see #littlebearblue next?” The best suggestions will be displayed on Intel UK social media channels. Paddington, released in cinemas on November 28, features several of the trail locations, including Paddington Station, the Peruvian bear’s first port of entry into the capital and brings together an all-star cast. The classic tales of the much-loved bear have sold more than 35 million books worldwide, been translated into over 40 languages and captured the imagination of children and adults around the globe.   ABOUT THE PADDINGTON TRAIL: The Paddington Trail gives fans the opportunity to follow Paddington’s footsteps to his favourite places in London spanning as far west as Heathrow airport and as far east as the O2. Taking in popular London landmarks such as the Museum of London and Horse Guards Parade, the trail as well as Selfridges, where the idea for Paddington Bear was originally born. The charity partner of The Paddington Trail is the NSPCC which is launching an online auction (in November) and a live auction (in December) for the statues with all of the proceeds going to charity. The trail also benefits children’s charity Action Medical Research for whom Paddington Bear has been the official mascot for over 35 years. To find out more about The Paddington Trail, go to www.visitlondon.com/paddington or follow #PaddingtonTrail ABOUT INTEL: Intel (NASDAQ: INTC) is a world leader in computing innovation. The company designs and builds the essential technologies that serve as the foundation for the world’s computing devices. Additional information about Intel is available at newsroom.intel.com and blogs.intel.com.   Intel, the Intel logo, Core and Ultrabook are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the United States and other countries. * Other names and brands may be claimed as the property of others
