Apple Announces iTunes Festival Coming to SXSW―Five Amazing Nights, Five Amazing Shows CUPERTINO, California―February 19, 2014―Apple today announced the first iTunes Festival to be held in the US, featuring an amazing lineup of global superstars, running from March 11-15. Taking place at ACL Live at the Moody Theater, home of Austin City Limits, the iTunes Festival at SXSW will feature iTunes chart toppers including Coldplay, Imagine Dragons, Pitbull, Keith Urban, ZEDD and more to come. All five nights of the iTunes Festival will be available to enjoy for free as a live and on-demand stream via the iTunes Store on your iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac or PC. Performances can also be seen in the iTunes Festival app on your iOS device or with Apple TV in stunning HD.  “The iTunes Festival in London has become an incredible way for Apple to share its love of music with our customers,” said Eddy Cue, Apple’s senior vice president of Internet Software and Services. “We're excited about the incredible lineup of artists performing and SXSW is the perfect place to debut the first iTunes Festival in the US.” At the iTunes Festival in London over 400 artists have performed in front of more than 430,000 fans and tens of millions more online. Performances are available for purchase and download on the iTunes Store. For additional details on the lineup for the iTunes Festival check out www.itunes.com/festival. Apple designs Macs, the best personal computers in the world, along with OS X, iLife, iWork and professional software. Apple leads the digital music revolution with its iPods and iTunes online store. Apple has reinvented the mobile phone with its revolutionary iPhone and App Store, and is defining the future of mobile media and computing devices with iPad. Press Contact:  Mandy Hershon Apple mhershon@apple.com 020 3284 6194 © 2014 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Apple, the Apple logo, Mac, Mac OS, Macintosh, iTunes, iTunes Store, iPhone, iPad and iPod touch are trademarks of Apple. Other company and product names may be trademarks of their respective owners. Apple Media Helpline 020 8278 1440 media.uk@apple.com
