Apple Introduces New Entry Level 21.5-inch iMac World’s Leading All-In-One Desktop Now Starts at £899 CUPERTINO, California—June 18, 2014—Apple today introduced a new 21.5-inch iMac starting at just £899  making the world’s leading all-in-one desktop even more affordable. Featuring a stunning ultra-thin design, brilliant display, Core i5 processors and the world’s most advanced operating system, the new iMac is the perfect entry-level Mac desktop. The new 21.5-inch iMac features a 1.4 GHz dual-core Intel Core i5 processor with Turbo Boost Speeds up to 2.7 GHz, Intel HD 5000 graphics, 8GB of memory and a 500GB hard drive. All iMac models include next generation 802.11ac Wi-Fi, and two Thunderbolt ports and four USB 3.0 ports for excellent expandability and support for high-performance peripherals. iLife and iWork come free with every new Mac. iLife lets you edit your favourite videos with iMovie, create new music or learn to play piano or guitar with GarageBand, and organise, edit and share your best shots with iPhoto. iWork productivity apps, Pages, Numbers and Keynote, make it easy to create, edit and share stunning documents, spreadsheets and presentations. iWork for iCloud beta lets you create your document on iPad, edit it on your Mac and collaborate with friends, even if they’re on a PC. Every Mac comes with OS X, the world’s most advanced operating system, designed for ease of use while taking full advantage of the powerful technologies built into every Mac. Earlier this month, Apple announced OS X Yosemite, a powerful new version of OS X redesigned and refined with a fresh, modern look, powerful new apps and amazing new continuity features that make working across your Mac and iOS devices more fluid than ever. The final version of OS X Yosemite will be available for free from the Mac App Store this fall. Pricing & Availability The new 21.5-inch iMac is available today through the Apple Online Store, Apple’s retail stores and select Apple Authorised Resellers. Starting at £899 (£749.17 ex VAT), the new iMac features a 1.4 GHz processor with Turbo Boost speeds up to 2.7 GHz, 8GB of memory and a 500GB hard drive. Configure-to-order options include a 1TB hard drive, a 1TB Fusion Drive, and up to 256GB flash storage. Additional technical specifications, configure-to-order options and accessories are available online at www.apple.com/uk/imac. Apple designs Macs, the best personal computers in the world, along with OS X, iLife, iWork and professional software. Apple leads the digital music revolution with its iPods and iTunes online store. Apple has reinvented the mobile phone with its revolutionary iPhone and App Store, and is defining the future of mobile media and computing devices with iPad. Press Contact: Juriaan Bosman Apple bosman.j@apple.com 020 7184 1308 © 2014 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Apple, the Apple logo, Mac, Mac OS, Macintosh, iMac, iLife, iWork, iMovie, GarageBand, iPhoto, Pages, Numbers, Keynote, iCloud, iPad and OS X are trademarks of Apple. Other company and product names may be trademarks of their respective owners. Download iMac images iMac family Download (zip) 27-inch iMac Download (zip) 21-inch iMac Download (zip) Apple Media Helpline 020 8278 1440 media.uk@apple.com Image Use Agreement Important Image Use Information By copying or making any use of the image below, you acknowledge that you have read and understand, and agree to, the Image Usage Agreement below that governs your use of the Image. If you do not agree to the Agreement’s terms, do not copy or use the Image in any way, unless you have written permission signed by Apple. Usage Agreement Subject to the terms of this Agreement, you may use the Image solely in whole for editorial use by press and/or industry analysts. This right to use is personal to you and is not transferable by you to another party. The Image cannot be used to promote or sell any product or technology (such as on advertising, brochures, book-covers, stock photos, t-shirts, or other promotional merchandise). You may not alter, or modify the Image, in whole or in part, for any reason. As between you and Apple, Apple is and shall remain the sole and exclusive owner of the Image. You will not delete, alter, or obfuscate any proprietary legends relating to the Image, and each use will be accompanied by the applicable proprietary attribution shown next to the Image. I have read, understood, and agree to the Image Usage Agreement Agree and Download Disagree with Terms
