Apple Brings Vibrant Colours & iSight Camera to Most Affordable iPod touch Model iPod touch Lineup Now Starts at £159 CUPERTINO, California—June 26, 2014—Apple today announced its 16GB iPod touch is now available in vibrant colours and equipped with a 5 megapixel iSight camera for just £159. The entire iPod touch lineup features the 5 megapixel iSight camera with 1080p HD video recording, brilliant 4-inch Retina display, Apple's A5 chip and FaceTime camera. iPod touch features an ultra-thin and light anodised aluminium design and is available in pink, yellow, blue, silver, space grey and (PRODUCT) RED. iPod touch comes in a 16GB model for £159, 32GB for £199, and 64GB for £249.  iPod touch comes with iOS 7, offering more than 200 features including Camera app filters that let you easily add real-time photo effects. Additionally, the Photos app offers ways to automatically organise your photos based on time and location. With iCloud Photo Sharing, it’s simple to share photos and videos with exactly the people you want to see them and your friends and family can comment and access their shared streams from any iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac or PC at any time. This fall, iOS 8 will be supported on the entire iPod touch lineup. With the revolutionary App Store on iPod touch, users in 155 countries have access to over 1.2 million apps for iPhone, iPad and iPod touch, including hundreds of thousands of games. More than 75 billion apps have been downloaded from the App Store. Customers also have the iTunes Store at their fingertips, giving instant access to an incredible selection of music, TV shows, movies and books to purchase and download directly to their iPod touch. Pricing & Availability iPod touch 16GB is available starting in the US today and worldwide in the coming days, in pink, yellow, blue, silver and space grey through the Apple Online Store, Apple’s retail stores and Apple Authorised Resellers for a suggested price of £159 (£132.50 ex VAT). Starting today, the 32GB and 64GB models have been repriced worldwide, at a suggested price of £199 (£165.83 ex VAT) for the 32GB model and £249 (£207.50 ex VAT) for the 64GB model. iPod touch requires a Wi-Fi connection or a Mac with a USB 2.0 or USB 3.0 port, Mac OS X v10.6.8 or later and iTunes 10.7 or later; or a Windows PC with a USB 2.0 port and Windows 7, Windows Vista or Windows XP Home or Professional with Service Pack 3 or later and iTunes 10.7 or later. An Apple ID is required for some iPod touch features. (PRODUCT) RED models of iPod touch are available through the Apple Online Store and Apple’s retail stores. Apple designs Macs, the best personal computers in the world, along with OS X, iLife, iWork and professional software. Apple leads the digital music revolution with its iPods and iTunes online store. Apple has reinvented the mobile phone with its revolutionary iPhone and App Store, and is defining the future of mobile media and computing devices with iPad. Press Contact: Mandy Hershon Apple mhershon@apple.com 020 3284 6194 © 2014 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Apple, the Apple logo, Mac, Mac OS, Macintosh, iPod touch, iSight, Retina, FaceTime, iCloud, iPhone, iPad, App Store, iTunes Store and iTunes are trademarks of Apple. Other company and product names may be trademarks of their respective owners. Download iPod touch images iPod touch Download (zip) Apple Media Helpline 020 8278 1440 media.uk@apple.com Image Use Agreement Important Image Use Information By copying or making any use of the image below, you acknowledge that you have read and understand, and agree to, the Image Usage Agreement below that governs your use of the Image. If you do not agree to the Agreement’s terms, do not copy or use the Image in any way, unless you have written permission signed by Apple. Usage Agreement Subject to the terms of this Agreement, you may use the Image solely in whole for editorial use by press and/or industry analysts. This right to use is personal to you and is not transferable by you to another party. The Image cannot be used to promote or sell any product or technology (such as on advertising, brochures, book-covers, stock photos, t-shirts, or other promotional merchandise). You may not alter, or modify the Image, in whole or in part, for any reason. As between you and Apple, Apple is and shall remain the sole and exclusive owner of the Image. You will not delete, alter, or obfuscate any proprietary legends relating to the Image, and each use will be accompanied by the applicable proprietary attribution shown next to the Image. I have read, understood, and agree to the Image Usage Agreement Agree and Download Disagree with Terms
