Redwood Shores, CA – November 6, 2014 News Summary While crucial to any business infrastructure, creating and managing high-availability database environments can often be time consuming, difficult, and costly to manage. Designed to simplify and consolidate the deployment and management of database environments, the latest release of Appliance Manager software for Oracle Database Appliance helps dramatically reduce IT complexity, enabling savings of both time and money. With support for database and VM snapshots, the release enables rapid and efficient provisioning of full-stack testing and development environments, further promoting productivity. The complete, integrated platform also features support for the latest version of Oracle Database 12c, allowing organizations to benefit from cutting-edge functionality such as in-memory and multitenancy. News Facts Oracle today announced general availability of the latest Appliance Manager software for Oracle Database Appliance. Delivering a highly available database platform, Oracle Database Appliance is an engineered system comprising hardware and software designed to simplify the deployment, maintenance, and support of database solutions, helping to save customers time and money. It also enables customers to create a solution-in-a-box, facilitating the efficient allocation of resources to databases and applications running on the same physical server. The Appliance Manager software provides support for rapid snapshots of both databases and virtual machines (VMs), making it possible for customers to create and provision full-stack development and test environments in minutes, regardless of the size of the database or VMs. This improves DBA, developer, and test productivity, resulting in higher quality applications and faster time to market. Appliance Manager also uses disk space efficiently by implementing snapshots using copy-on-write technology, where only the changes consume storage space. Today’s release adds support for storing database files in Oracle Automatic Storage Management Cluster File System, which is the underlying technology that delivers rapid and space-efficient snapshots. Additionally, Oracle Database Appliance now provides support for the latest version of Oracle Database 12c, including the Oracle Database In-Memory option, providing customers with unmatched performance and helping them to become real-time enterprises. Also available is an enhanced deployment template for Oracle WebLogic Server that supports multidomain and multicluster deployment options. Utilizing the new snapshot capability reduces deployment time by as much as 15 minutes. Supporting Quotes “With this update of Oracle Database Appliance software, customers can now reap the benefits of Oracle Database 12c, the latest release of the world’s most popular database right out of the box. With added support for rapid and space-efficient snapshots for creating test and development environments, organizations can further capitalize on the simplicity of Oracle engineered systems with speed and efficiency,” said Sohan DeMel, vice president, product strategy and business development, Oracle. “Pre-installing IFS Applications on the latest Oracle Database Appliance can help our customers save set-up time and money so they can realize the benefits of IFS Applications sooner, said David Eager, Vice President, Global Alliances at IFS. “Having the reassurance that the IFS-in-a-Box offer has been optimally configured makes this a compelling solution for companies wanting to quickly scale up capacity for IFS Applications.” Notes to editors Supporting Resources Oracle Database Appliance X4-2 Data Sheet: Oracle Database Appliance White Paper: Oracle Database Appliance Frequently Asked Questions: Oracle Database Appliance Oracle Database Appliance Blog Oracle Database Oracle Database Appliance on YouTube Connect with Oracle Database via Blog, Facebook, and Twitter Contact information Name Steve Walker Job Title Division Vice President Corporate Communications EMEA Phone +44 118 924 0779 Fax +44 118 924 3855 Mobile +44 790 151 2597 Email steve.walker@oracle.com About Oracle Oracle engineers hardware and software to work together in the cloud and in your data center. For more information about Oracle (NYSE:ORCL), visit www.oracle.com. Trademarks Oracle and Java are registered trademarks of Oracle and/or its affiliates. Other names may be trademarks of their respective owners.
