Redwood Shores, Calif. – October 29, 2014 News Summary Advania hf, one of the largest IT service providers and consultancy firms in Iceland, has modernized its IT infrastructure to accelerate performance and scalability while cutting operational costs and simplifying management. By consolidating its Oracle E-Business Suite implementation on Oracle SuperCluster, Advania can now quickly build vital complex financial reports that support business decisions, while reducing its data center footprint and lowering total cost of ownership. News Facts Advania hf, one of the largest IT service providers and consultancy firms in Iceland, has consolidated its Oracle E-Business Suite implementation and Oracle Database on Oracle SuperCluster with Oracle Solaris. With more than 10,000 corporate clients and 1,100 employees in 17 offices across three countries, Advania sought to modernize and streamline its infrastructure with a single high-availability solution to deliver higher performance and scalability with lower operational costs and simplified management. Advania selected Oracle SuperCluster over solutions from HP and IBM, ultimately recognizing that running Oracle software on Oracle SuperCluster provided better performance and both architectural and business continuity for its customers, while helping minimize risk. Using Oracle SuperCluster, Advania has achieved a more stable platform, freeing up valuable time for its own technicians. By signing up for Oracle Platinum Support, Advania has also been able to raise support service levels, and these elements in combination have lowered the operational cost of the application. Oracle SuperCluster delivers better performance and faster response times for the ERP suite than the company’s previous solution. Advania’s initial assessment shows an average of 60 to 70 percent faster report processing with the Oracle solution, enabling faster and more-informed business decisions. Advania was able to accelerate backup and recovery while also gaining the capacity to consolidate Oracle E-Business Suite instances for State, Customs, and Tax and accommodating future growth. Using the Oracle Optimized Solution for Oracle E-Business Suite, Advania accelerated its time to deployment while helping reduce risk with documented best practices. Oracle Optimized Solutions provide a comprehensive framework across the architecture from client to application to database for optimizing the value of Oracle software running on Oracle SuperCluster. Supporting Quote “With Oracle SuperCluster, we have seen a substantial improvement in performance. We have stabilized and secured operations, increased accessibility, and improved efficiency across the business,” said Hallgrímur G. Sigurðsson, manager, Engineering Department, Advania hf. “Oracle was the obvious choice while looking for a single supplier for the entire IT platform, based on our previous experience and evaluation of other vendors.” Notes to editors Supporting Resources Advania Oracle SuperCluster Oracle Optimized Solution for Oracle E-Business Suite Oracle Hardware on Facebook, Twitter About Oracle SuperCluster Oracle SuperCluster, Oracle’s most powerful Oracle Database Machine, is an integrated server, storage, networking, and software system that provides maximum end-to-end database and application performance. It requires minimal initial and ongoing support and maintenance effort, and helps reduce complexity at the lowest total cost of ownership. Oracle SuperCluster is ideal for Oracle Database and best for Oracle Applications customers who need to maximize return on their software investments, increase their IT agility, and improve application usability and overall IT productivity. Contact information Name Harald Gessner Job Title Mr Division Oracle EMEA Hardware PR Phone +49 89 1430 1215 Fax Mobile +49 173 355 26 46 Email harald.gessner@oracle.com About Oracle Oracle engineers hardware and software to work together in the cloud and in your data center. For more information about Oracle (NYSE:ORCL), visit www.oracle.com. Trademarks Oracle and Java are registered trademarks of Oracle and/or its affiliates. Other names may be trademarks of their respective owners.
