News Summary The age of the customer has arrived. To meet these rapidly increasing customer expectations and create consistent, connected, and personalized brand experiences, organizations across all industries and geographies are using Oracle Customer Experience Cloud (Oracle CX Cloud). As one of the industry’s most complete CX solutions, Oracle CX Cloud empowers organizations to improve experiences, enhance loyalty, differentiate their brands, and drive measurable results across all channels, touchpoints, and interactions, while moving seamlessly across the full spectrum of marketing, sales, service, and social tools. News Facts Organizations worldwide are using Oracle Customer Experience Cloud (Oracle CX Cloud) to deliver consistent and personalized customer experiences. An end-to-end solution that includes Oracle Commerce, Oracle Configure, Price, and Quote Cloud (Oracle CPQ Cloud), Oracle Marketing Cloud, Oracle Sales Cloud, Oracle Service Cloud, and Oracle Social Cloud, Oracle CX Cloud is one of the industry’s most complete CX solutions. To help organizations break down barriers so they can connect engagements, build advocacy, and grow revenue, Oracle has recently updated Oracle CX Cloud with a range of enhancements that optimize the customer journey from engagement to support. Oracle Sales Cloud updates include new smartphone and tablet applications, prebuilt and drill-down reporting capabilities for analytics, new partner relationship management capabilities, and industry-specific solutions to enable sales professionals to plan, prospect, collaborate, and close more effectively. Oracle Social Cloud recently introduced Social Station, an innovative new workspace within Oracle Social Cloud’s Social Relationship Management (SRM) platform. With Social Station, users benefit from a personalized and intuitive user experience that helps increase both the productivity and performance of social business practices. In addition to providing an industry-leading CX product portfolio, Oracle also engages with companies to map the customer experience journey, a partnership approach that ensures Oracle’s CX solutions deliver exceptional experiences so organizations can acquire new customers, retain existing ones, and improve efficiency. Part of Oracle Applications Cloud, Oracle CX Cloud empowers organizations to improve experiences, enhance loyalty, differentiate their brands, and drive measurable results by creating consistent, connected, and personalized brand experiences across all channels and devices. Supporting Quotes “With Oracle Service Cloud, we can scale and quickly deploy new customer-facing capabilities to support our numerous brands,” said Nicholas Armstrong, director, Global Customer Experience Products, Orbitz Worldwide, LLC. “The solution enables us to put the right, actionable information in our agents’ hands to ensure we meet our customers’ expectations for superior customer service.” “Service at Beachbody is everything, and it is critical that we are able to provide accurate and consistent answers regardless of the channel the customer or coach uses,” said Louis Ross, vice president, Coach Relations, Beachbody. “With Oracle Service Cloud, we are able to manage approximately 20,000 customer contacts a day in a way that allows us to extend the brand and create advocacy. We have grown rapidly, and I can’t imagine how we could have handled the business we have seen without Oracle Service Cloud.” “Social media allows brands to more completely understand their consumers’ needs, wants, and desires. As a result, those brands are able to make smarter, more-strategic business decisions,” said Kathryn Schotthoefer, senior vice president, Social Media, Heavenspot. “From building a better marketing campaign to understanding the core elements that drive audience behavior, Oracle Social Cloud helps us support our clients by providing the social listening, engagement, and analytics capabilities that are essential for success for brands in the entertainment world and beyond." “With Oracle Sales Cloud, Atradius Collections increased sales team productivity more than 10 percent in nine months by automating previously manual lead, opportunity, forecasting, and territory management processes,” said Ralph van Dijk, global commercial director, Atradius Collections. “The ability to deliver connected, personalized, and rewarding customer experiences is rapidly becoming one of the primary sources of competitive advantage in today’s dynamic global marketplace,” said Ken Volpe, senior vice president, product development, Oracle. “With one of the world’s most complete customer experience cloud solutions, Oracle offers an end-to-end solution that helps organizations improve their customer experience through the whole lifecycle of customer interactions across a number of channels.” "Oracle Sales Cloud has enabled us to do more with less and drive efficiency and effectiveness through our sales organization with a standard process and transformation effort," said Diana Kinker, director, CRM Program, Batesville. Notes to editors Supporting Resources Oracle Customer Experience Cloud Oracle Commerce Oracle CPQ Cloud Oracle Marketing Cloud Oracle Sales Cloud Oracle Service Cloud Oracle Social Cloud CX Solutions Brief Oracle CX on Social Media Blog: Oracle Customer Experience Blog Facebook: Oracle Customer Experience YouTube: Oracle Customer Experience Twitter: Oracle CX Contact information Name Nadia Nizar Job Title Division Oracle EMEA PR - Apps & A&C Phone Fax Mobile Email nadia.nizar@oracle.com About Oracle Oracle engineers hardware and software to work together in the cloud and in your data center. For more information about Oracle (NYSE:ORCL), visit www.oracle.com. Trademarks Oracle and Java are registered trademarks of Oracle and/or its affiliates. Other names may be trademarks of their respective owners.
