News Summary To stay competitive in today’s fast-paced and hyper connected world, organizations need business applications that support continued growth and innovation. To meet this demand and help customers maximize their technology investments, Oracle has introduced new solutions across its JD Edwards EnterpriseOne line of applications. Oracle is announcing new rental management solutions to support the rental of products and assets such as heavy equipment, medical equipment, oil and gas equipment, mining equipment, and construction equipment as well as eight new mobile enterprise applications. The new innovations will help organizations empower the mobile workforce, maximize operational efficiencies, reduce corporate costs, and increase profits. News Facts Further extending its commitment to helping customers increase profits and improve business processes, Oracle today announced new solutions and enhancements for its JD Edwards EnterpriseOne applications line. In addition to releasing eight new JD Edwards EnterpriseOne mobile enterprise applications to empower the mobile workforce, Oracle also released new rental management solutions for JD Edwards EnterpriseOne. JD Edwards EnterpriseOne Rental Management and JD Edwards EnterpriseOne One View Reporting for Rental Management allow customers to manage every aspect of equipment and rental inventory with confidence and accuracy—helping improve profits by controlling costs and maximizing utilization. Through continued innovation across its JD Edwards applications, Oracle has further enhanced the comprehensive enterprise resource planning software by combining business value, standards-based technology, and deep industry experience into a business solution with a low total cost of ownership (TCO). Extending Commitment to the Rental Management Industry Oracle’s new JD Edwards EnterpriseOne Rental Management offers organizations strategic visibility into inventory and equipment availability, supporting high levels of customer service while managing revenue and expenses. The solution’s comprehensive analytics reduce reporting time, analyze utilization trends, and provide insight into equipment profitability to improve operational efficiency and increase customer satisfaction and loyalty. JD Edwards EnterpriseOne Rental Management supports all aspects of a rental service including rental contacts and agreements, equipment handling and item commitments to inventory, reservations for future rentals, and rental cost allocations. JD Edwards EnterpriseOne One View Reporting for Rental Management helps organizations accurately assess the health of their business by analyzing rental data from several perspectives to gain valuable insight into key customers, rental contracts, and profits. Empowering the Mobile Workforce Eight new mobile applications extend JD Edwards EnterpriseOne to smartphones and tablets, enabling users to accelerate business execution and help their organizations find new ways to create operational efficiencies. The new applications allow users to review the general ledger, invoice, receipt, and voucher transactions within a batch and approve the batch to be posted—from their mobile devices. Mobile users can also review the associated transactions within the batch prior to approval. The new JD Edwards EnterpriseOne mobile enterprise applications are now available on Apple’s App Store and Google Play. Enhancements Improve Integration and Processes JD Edwards EnterpriseOne also includes the following new enhancements: Wine on-premises operations reporting: Summary of daily records for material and operation types to help prepare wineries for tax returns and monthly reports. Combines data from the JD Edwards EnterpriseOne Blend Management and JD Edwards EnterpriseOne Inventory Management systems to verify accuracy of on-premises inventory. Leverages new industry standards for business services integration: Supports customers using Java API for XPI Web Services (JAX-RPC) to adapt to new JAX-WS versions of the Java technology. Supporting Quote “Organizations across all industries are having to face the challenging business requirements of today’s fast-paced world that demands the ability to make decisions quickly—whether in the office or in the field,” said Lyle Ekdahl, senior vice president general manager, Oracle’s JD Edwards. “To help customers conquer this challenge, we’ve introduced a number of new industry and mobile solutions to Oracle’s JD Edwards EnterpriseOne applications line in the past several months. These latest innovations help customers build on our long-standing commitment to maximize our customers’ technology investments by delivering an integrated, standards-based portfolio of innovative applications that can help accelerate business execution, reduce costs, and drive business value.” Notes to editors Supporting Resources Oracle’s JD Edwards EnterpriseOne Oracle's JD Edwards EnterpriseOne Mobile Solutions Oracle's JD Edwards EnterpriseOne One View Reporting JD Edwards Blog: Attitude@Altitude Follow us on Twitter: @OracleJDEdwards About Oracle Oracle engineers hardware and software to work together in the cloud and in your data center. For more information about Oracle (NYSE:ORCL), visit www.oracle.com. Trademarks Oracle and Java are registered trademarks of Oracle and/or its affiliates. Other names may be trademarks of their respective owners.
