PRESS RELEASE "Less Is More" as Cisco Completely Reimagines Flagship Three-Screen Video Conferencing Technology At half the bandwidth, half the power, and half the install time of previous models, the Cisco TelePresence IX5000 series delivers a no-compromises video experience and even more delight for customers Designed to invite use, the IX5000 is so intuitive that you can make that first call without looking at a manual or calling IT. Being less than eight inches thin contributes to significantly shorter installation times for the IX5000; it fits through any standard doorway and on any standard elevator--even in its packaging. SAN JOSE and LOS ANGELES, Calif. – Nov. 17, 2014 – For the past 24 months, Cisco has been laser focused on delivering a completely revitalized, "no compromises" collaboration experience across our entire collaboration portfolio. From software to hardware, we've paid attention to details both big and small to deliver simple, affordable, and delightful collaboration experiences for every room, every desk and—as announced today— every pocket. Today at Collaboration Summit 2014, our marquee event for collaboration customers, partners, analysts and consultants, we're continuing that progress as we announce the complete overhaul of our flagship immersive video experience. When revamping the experience at the high end of our collaboration portfolio, our designers and engineers wanted to give customers the very best, most life-like video, audio, and collaboration experience available while doing away with complex installations and massive cooling/electric/bandwidth bills. Throughout the process, the team kept a single design principle in mind: less is more. Revealed today, the Cisco TelePresence® IX5000 series delivers an unparalleled, delightful, world-class quality video collaboration experience for 6 to 18 people. And it does this with only half the bandwidth (H.265 compression) of previous and competitive three-screen systems and requires less power than a hair dryer (under 10 amps). Highlights of the Cisco® IX5000 series include: - "No compromises" experience.  Whether you're sitting, standing, or at the whiteboard, the unique combination of three 4K cameras  — an industry first — seamlessly captures the entire room in ultra-high definition. Powerful graphics processing provides smooth transitions between people and content, and whiteboard images are digitally corrected to provide remote participants a clear view of the content without the need for additional cameras. The multimedia capabilities don't stop there, as multiple presentation sources can be viewed simultaneously and placed on any of the three 70-inch screens. The IX5000 features theater-quality audio with 18 custom speakers plus a subwoofer to give in-room participants a heart-thumping experience. Its integrated, revolutionary microphone array—with 17,502 sound-capturing micro holes—uses advanced beam-forming technology to deliver crystal-clear audio. - Lower TCO. Its total cost of ownership is much lower than previous and competitive offerings, thanks in part to the fact that the IX5000 series requires less bandwidth and power, zero room remediation and half the time to install. The IX5000 measures just the width of a notebook—less than eight inches wide—so it can fit in any standard elevator and through any standard office door, even when still wrapped in its packaging. And its simple, thoughtful design means it can be set up by two people in eight hours – half the time of its predecessor and significantly less than that of competitors. Lower TCO means customers can deploy the IX5000 series well beyond the boardroom, so that other project teams can take advantage of Cisco's no compromises video experiences. - Designed to delight. The IX5000 series is full of small details intended to help people get down to business faster. For instance, as our design team watched customers use our older technology, our design team noticed that people spent several minutes finding adapters to connect their laptops to the video system to present content. The team addressed this in two ways: first, with Cisco's new WebEx® integration with TelePresence™, you can present without any cables—you simply open your laptop, connect to Wi-Fi and start presenting. For meetings where WebEx for TelePresence is not used, the team designed a universal video adapter—another industry first— that sleekly retracts into the IX5000's tabletop when not in use. The adapter has connections for any device you may be looking to connect—Mac or PC—so you have less time wasted and more time for a great, dongle-free meeting. Supporting Quotes Daniel Concepcion, IT managing director, Produban "Produban delivers service to Santander group with 184,000 employees serving 107 million customers through 13,067 branches. Video collaboration helps us bring people together to make better decisions faster, which is why over the years we have invested in 76 Cisco Telepresence rooms worldwide. We are excited to extend our video capabilities as we become the first customer to purchase and deploy IX5000's. Lower TCO means we can get video rooms in more places, so more teams can benefit. Extending our current video implementation to the whole Corporation, also means deploying Cisco® CMR Cloud, a video collaboration service that couples WebEx® Personal Rooms with the cloud-based WebEx Video Bridge into one, always-available meeting experience accessible from any video device." Rowan Trollope, SVP/GM, Collaboration Technology Group, Cisco "The IX5000 is the most technologically advanced communications system in the world. When you walk into a room with an IX5000 in it, you are going to want to use it. It is so intuitive that you can make that first call without looking at a manual or calling IT. The unparalleled video, audio and collaboration quality will bring you back for more. It is a pure joy to use and presents unlimited collaboration possibilities for our customers." Availability: FCS is scheduled for December. SUPPORTING RESOURCES IX5000 Blog by Cisco's Snorre Kjesbu Video of IX5000 RSS Feed for Cisco: http://newsroom.cisco.com/dlls/rss.html Availability Disclaimer: Many of the products and features described herein remain in varying stages of development and will be offered on a when-and-if-available basis. These products and features are subject to change at the sole discretion of Cisco, and neither Cisco nor its suppliers will have any liability for delay in the delivery or failure to deliver any of the products or features set forth in this release. Tags/keywords: Cisco, collaboration, TelePresence About Cisco Cisco (NASDAQ: CSCO) is the worldwide leader in IT that helps companies seize the opportunities of tomorrow by proving that amazing things can happen when you connect the previously unconnected. For ongoing news, please go to http://thenetwork.cisco.com. About Cisco Capital Cisco Capital provides customers and partners with customized financing solutions allowing them to take advantage of state-of-the-art collaboration technology and services. With effective cash flow management, organizations can to continue to invest in other key pieces of business such as research and development or workforce growth. For more information about Cisco Capital, please visit: www.cisco.com/capital #  #  # Cisco and the Cisco logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of Cisco and/or its affiliates in the U.S. and other countries. A listing of Cisco's trademarks can be found at www.cisco.com/go/trademarks. Third-party trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. The use of the word partner does not imply a partnership relationship between Cisco and any other company. Press Contacts Investor Relations Contacts Industry Analyst Relations Third Party Contacts