PRESS RELEASE Cisco Supplied Network Infrastructure During Nuclear Security Summit in The Hague •    Cisco supplied a complete, integrated network infrastructure with wired and wireless connections •    After the summit the hardware will be used by government departments Amsterdam, Netherlands, March 26, 2014 – Cisco supplied the network infrastructure for the Nuclear Security Summit 2014 (NSS), held in The Hague on 24 and 25 March. Cisco was awarded the contract by SSC-ICT Haaglanden after submitting a tender that offered the best combination of price and quality. More than 50 world leaders – including President Barack Obama – took part in the Nuclear Security Summit, trailing some 5,000 delegates and 3,000 journalists in their wake. They communicated during the two-day summit using a fully integrated wired and wireless network that was built and managed by Cisco in collaboration with the NSS team. Cisco had also set up a fully equipped Network Operations Center (NOC), the hub from which the entire network was managed. "The Nuclear Security Summit was the biggest international summit ever hosted by the Netherlands. We needed a network that was outstanding – second to none in every respect – scale, performance and availability", said Rob de Wildt, Director Public Sector at Cisco Netherlands. "Working together with the NSS team Cisco enabled the delegates and the press to communicate smoothly, and work via wired and wireless connections, including data traffic, voice and video." Another exceptional feature of this project is that all the network hardware deployed during the summit will be used in the future by government departments. That means all routers, switches, wireless access points, telephony and other components. The Nuclear Security Summit was held in the World Forum in The Hague on 24 and 25 March 2014. The aim was to prevent nuclear terrorism worldwide. The NSS was the biggest summit ever hosted by the Netherlands, with 53 countries and four international organizations, and representatives at the very highest political level. About Cisco Cisco (NASDAQ: CSCO) is the worldwide leader in IT that helps companies seize the opportunities of tomorrow by proving that amazing things can happen when you connect the previously unconnected. For ongoing news, please go to http://thenetwork.cisco.com. Cisco equipment in Europe is provided by Cisco Systems International B.V. and Cisco International Limited, wholly owned subsidiaries of Cisco Systems, Inc. #   #   # Cisco and the Cisco logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of Cisco and/or its affiliates in the U.S. and other countries. A listing of Cisco's trademarks can be found at www.cisco.com/go/trademarks. Third-party trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. The use of the word partner does not imply a partnership relationship between Cisco and any other company. Press Contacts Investor Relations Contacts Industry Analyst Relations Third Party Contacts