PRESS RELEASE Cisco Ranked No. 1 in Latin America's Security Market in Revenue Market Share Industry Analyst Firm IDC Validates Cisco's Leadership in Security Solutions Cisco Live Cancun! (MEXICO), November 5, 2014 – Cisco has achieved the ranking of No. 1 provider of Security Appliances in Latin America, measured by vendor revenue. According to the IDC Latin America Semiannual Security Appliances Tracker 2014H1, Cisco is also ranked as the top security vendor in all major countries of the region. (*) With this report Cisco strengthens its position as the leader in Latin America, reaching 25.4% of the security market in the region for the first half of 2014, increasing 5.7% market share compared to the same period in 2013. Cisco has been a leader for security appliances in Brazil since 2012 and in Mexico since 2009 based on IDC's report. In the first half of 2014, Cisco reached 27.1% market share in Brazil and 26.5% in Mexico. Despite the geographic and geopolitical challenges of Latin America, Cisco maintains a dominant market share of 32.7% in Argentina; 35.0% in Chile; and 24.0% in Colombia, and a combined 25.6% for the rest of Latin America. “We are extremely proud to be the number one Security provider in Latin America. Companies are choosing Cisco’s end to end security solutions instead of patching the problem using disparate vendors. This reflects the trust the market has on us at all levels”, said Francisco Ramirez, Managing Director Global Security Sales Cisco Latin America. “Cisco offers the broadest security portfolio in the industry, offering security solutions that cover the complete attack spectrum, before, during and after an attack.” Since the Sourcefire acquisition in 2013, Cisco has expanded its offerings in the Security market worldwide. With the recent announcement of the industry’s first threat-focused next-generation firewall, Cisco ASA with FirePOWER Services, Cisco is combining Sourcefire Next‐Generation IPS and Advanced Malware Protection for an unparalleled Integrated Threat Defense. This solution ensures visibility across the entire attack continuum – before, during and after an attack.   “The recent acquisition of Sourcefire has allowed Cisco to offer an end to end portfolio to its customers, and as a result, Cisco has strengthened its leadership position in the Latin American market, as the numbers from the Semiannual Security Appliances Tracker 2014H1 reflect,” said Carlo Davila, Regional Analyst for the Security Appliances Market, at IDC Latin America. Market share by segments The IDC report also analyzed the market share by segments, showing that Finance is the top industry in terms of investment for Brazil; Public Sector has been growing steadily in Mexico; and the commerce sector is among the most dynamic vertical industries in MCO and CANSAC. (*)  Rest of Latin is not included About IDC’s report  IDC's Latin America Security Appliances Tracker provides a detailed analysis of the Firewall, VPN, SCM, IDS/IPS and UTM markets. It includes vendor revenue for the top security appliances vendors, total market size for each product segment per country, and market forecasts. This tracker includes data for Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Mexico, and Venezuela, plus an aggregate total for the Rest of Latin America. About Cisco Cisco (NASDAQ: CSCO) is the worldwide leader in IT that helps companies seize the opportunities of tomorrow by proving that amazing things can happen when you connect the previously unconnected. For ongoing news, please go to http://thenetwork.cisco.com. #  #  # Cisco and the Cisco logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of Cisco and/or its affiliates in the U.S. and other countries. A listing of Cisco's trademarks can be found at www.cisco.com/go/trademarks. Third-party trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. The use of the word partner does not imply a partnership relationship between Cisco and any other company. Press Contacts Investor Relations Contacts Industry Analyst Relations Third Party Contacts