PRESS RELEASE Cisco Collaborates with the Metropolitan District of Quito to Develop the Quito Digital Agenda 2022 Quito, Ecuador, November 4, 2014. - Cisco is contributing to the construction of Quito as a smart and connected city with the world. The government of Quito, focused on generating services related to connectivity and innovation, has created a strong bond with the private sector in order to connect the city. In this context, it has implemented “Quito Te Conecta”. The first step consisted in the deployment of more than 100 Wi-Fi access points. This network contributes to the construction of a Socially Innovative Digital city that is incorporating technology to improve the services to citizens and thus improve their quality of life. Under this vision, Cisco is helping Quito on this bet to the future to become a smart city that connects the local government more closely with people and to solve a series of urban challenges such as environmental sustainability, employment generation, congestion traffic, safety, waste and water management and economic growth. Cisco has worked with the city to implement around 100 new Wi-Fi access points in addition to the existing ones at parks and squares throughout the city. Most of the network was installed at bus stops and stations within the transport system network known informally as ‘El Trole’, or the Quito Trolleybus The implementation, which began in July and ended in August this year, connected parks, plazas, museums, boulevards, cultural centers and craft markets providing both north-south and east-west coverage, across urban and rural areas of neighboring parishes close to the Metropolitan District of Quito. As a result, the citizens of Quito and visitors crossing the coverage area provided by the access points will have uninterrupted connectivity. “The Wi-Fi connectivity at the new access points deployed by Cisco fulfills one of the basic premises in the provision of infrastructure to improve connectivity and achieving higher levels of technology use by the population. As a result it contributes not only to bringing connectivity and supporting basic services for citizens, but also for connecting sensors in ‘smart things’ to communicate, analyze data, plan, and manage and make smart decisions in the future," said Francois Leens, Partner Account Manager Cisco Ecuador. A project to lay fiber optic cabling using ducting and access provided by service provider Telconet along with the technology implemented which includes Cisco Wireless Access Points managed by the Cisco Wireless LAN Controller 8500 1532E allows safe and easy access and connectivity to user applications, so citizens that access these points do it in a reliable way. Hugo Proaño, Telconet National Technical Manager (CTO), said it is important for Telconet to work hand in hand with strategic partners such as Cisco to deliver services and solutions with technologies that favor the growth of smart cities. The Wi-Fi technology is the basis for the creation of a connected city, and is part of a vision for a model of smart growth with more possibilities to contribute to the transformation and improvement of the quality of life of citizens. Some of the access Wi-Fi point in the Metropolitan District of Quito are located at Casa de la Cultura Ecuatoriana, Teatro México, Museo de la Ciudad, Boulevard 24 de Mayo, Yaku, Centro Cultural Metropolitano, Guápulo, Isabela Católica, Itchimbia, Plaza Magdalena, Mercado Artesanal; Parques Metropolitano Norte, Sur, Las Cuadras, Chilibulo, Metropolitano Rumipamba, Pobre Diablo, Carcelén, Plaza de los Presidentes, Carrión y 9 de Octubre, Parque Lineal Machángara, Chaquiñan, La Merced, La Armenia, Conocoto, El Tingo, Gerencia de La Mariscal, Plaza Cadisán, 8 Administraciones Zonales, Playón La Marín, Nayón, La Morita, Checa, Cumbayá, Estación Río Coca, Mirador Guápulo, Parque de la Juventud, etc. Cisco has participated in more than 90 smart city projects worldwide including the cities of Barcelona, ​​Spain; Toronto, Canada; Hamburg, Germany; Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, Guayaquil and now Quito in Ecuador. About Cisco Cisco (NASDAQ: CSCO) is the worldwide leader in IT that helps companies seize the opportunities of tomorrow by proving that amazing things can happen when you connect the previously unconnected. For ongoing news, please go to http://thenetwork.cisco.com. #   #   # Cisco and the Cisco logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of Cisco and/or its affiliates in the U.S. and other countries. A listing of Cisco's trademarks can be found at www.cisco.com/go/trademarks. Third-party trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. The use of the word partner does not imply a partnership relationship between Cisco and any other company. Press Contacts Investor Relations Contacts Industry Analyst Relations Third Party Contacts