PRESS RELEASE Cisco Helps Carriers Transform the Mobile Experience by Delivering High-Definition Voice and Data Services Over Wi-Fi Cisco Universal Wi-Fi Solution Includes Industry's Longest-Range Access Points and Only End-to-End Offering for Service Providers Looking to Expand Their Revenue Suraj Shetty, Vice President/General Manager, Mobility Solutions, Service Provider Mobility Business Group, Cisco SAN JOSE, Calif., - Nov. 14, 2014 - Cisco announced today the availability of the Cisco® Universal Wi-Fi solution for service providers, the industry’s first end-to-end solution featuring HDVX (High-Definition Voice Experience) technology that enables millions of Wi-Fi devices to operate as phones. This Cisco solution will enable service providers to offer a high-quality calling alternative to users, complementing cellular voice services. The Cisco Universal Wi-Fi solution provides near seamless and highly-secure onboarding, ubiquitous coverage, elastic scale and rich-media services including HD VoWi-Fi (Voice over Wi-Fi). Wi-Fi has become the preferred mobile data experience based on speed, cost and coverage. It is projected that by 2018, Wi-Fi and mobile-connected devices will generate 76 percent of all Internet traffic, up from 59 percent in 2013, according to the Cisco® Visual Networking Index. To deliver a high-quality experience for high-definition (HD) voice and data services over Wi-Fi, service providers need performance, scale and services from an end-to-end solution that spans access, mobile core and telecommunication cloud. Cisco is a recognized market leader in carrier Wi-Fi end-to-end solutions, operating on more than 200 service provider networks worldwide.  Key Facts/Highlights Performance and Scale The Cisco Universal Wi-Fi solution provides the highest available throughput over a wide area, delivering pervasive coverage indoors and outdoors with a full portfolio of 802.11ac products, including the new Cisco Aironet 1570 and Cisco Aironet 1700 Series. At speeds that can exceed 1gigabyte per second (Gbps), the Cisco Aironet 1570 and Cisco Aironet 1700 Series access points can enable users to download the entire “Star Wars™” movie collection in under a minute or the latest “Transformers®” movie in under eight seconds. A key component of the Cisco Universal Wi-Fi solution is the Cisco Aironet 1570, the most powerful and longest-range outdoor 802.11ac access point on the market, providing service providers with pervasive carrier-grade outdoor coverage at an affordable price. Technology Advancements Unparalleled interference management in high-density environments by utilizing Cisco’s unique CleanAir and Radio Resource Management technology with high-speed Wi-Fi designed to ensure that users are on the best radio frequency available, maximizing HD voice quality experience. Digital signaling processing-based beam-forming targets the radio signal at the client device to achieve the maximum throughput, even in crowded environments, and even when the device has older radio technology. Cisco’s implementation of Wi-Fi fast roaming protocols ensures smooth handoff between access points to ensure call continuity for a superior VoWi-Fi experience. Carrier-Grade Cisco Universal Wi-Fi is a fifth-generation solution that includes a portfolio of indoor and outdoor Cisco Aironet 802.11ac access points, the Cisco 8500 Wireless Controller, the Cisco ASR 1000 Series router for intelligent subscriber management, and the Cisco ASR 5000 Series Small Cell Gateway for seamless integration with the mobile packet core.  Cisco Universal Wi-Fi is ruggedized and hardened through rigorous testing and is ready to deploy, helping to keep operational costs at a minimum. Now delivering HDVX, Cisco offers service providers with the infrastructure and tools to transform their mobile Internet networks into revenue-generating opportunities. Supporting Quotes Jesus Perez, CTO, Telecable “We are pleased with our widespread deployment of the Cisco Aironet 1552 and are eager to introduce the Cisco Aironet 1570, which has many of the next-generation features on our roadmap, including high-performance 802.11ac and a 24x8 cable modem.” Suraj Shetty, Vice President/General Manager, Mobility Solutions, Service Provider Mobility Business Group, Cisco “Voice over Wi-Fi marks a new era for service providers, and Cisco is excited to work with our customers to capture this transformational shift. With High-Definition Voice Experience, Wi-Fi becomes a truly integrated feature in the network. It is only with a universal approach to Wi-Fi and to the network that service providers can offer a superior-quality Voice over Wi-Fi experience to their customers.” Supporting Resources Read About Telecable. Read About Cisco. Read About Cisco Universal Wi-Fi Solution for Service Providers. Read information on Cisco service provider products and technologies. For more information about Cisco’s service provider news and activities, visit the Cisco SP360 Blog or contact us on Twitter at @CiscoSPMobility. Visit the Cisco Service Provider Mobility Community. Subscribe to Cisco’s SP360 feed. Keywords: mobile Internet, mobility, mobile, service providers, mobile operators, carriers, Cisco Universal Wi-Fi, Wi-Fi, Cisco Aironet, Aironet, Cisco ASR, Cisco, Jesus Perez, Telecable, Suraj Shetty RSS Feed for Cisco: http://newsroom.cisco.com/dlls/rss.html About Cisco Cisco (NASDAQ: CSCO) is the worldwide leader in IT that helps companies seize the opportunities of tomorrow by proving that amazing things can happen when you connect the previously unconnected. For ongoing news, please go to http://thenetwork.cisco.com. #  # # Cisco and the Cisco logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of Cisco and/or its affiliates in the U.S. and other countries. A listing of Cisco's trademarks can be found at www.cisco.com/go/trademarks. Third-party trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. The use of the word partner does not imply a partnership relationship between Cisco and any other company. Press Contacts Investor Relations Contacts Industry Analyst Relations Third Party Contacts