PRESS RELEASE TELUS launches two new Cisco Powered cloud services for Canadian businesses TELUS Cloud Collaboration and Cloud Contact Centre provide robust communication and collaboration tools without a major technology investment Toronto, ON – TELUS is introducing two new solutions that will help Canadian businesses leverage cloud-based technology to improve how they communicate with their customers, employees and partners. TELUS Cloud Collaboration provides businesses with access to a full suite of unified communications services, and TELUS Cloud Contact Centre offers a fully featured contact centre solution hosted in the cloud. Both products are powered by the Cisco® Hosted Collaboration Solution (HCS), an end-to-end solution that enables highly secure, reliable and scalable "as-a-service" offerings of Cisco Collaboration technologies. “For Canadian businesses looking for a competitive edge, cloud-based services can optimize employee productivity and improve customer service, while reducing technology expenditures,” said Peter Green, senior vice president and president of TELUS Business Solutions. “TELUS’ new cloud offerings eliminate the financial barriers to adopting best-in-class solutions, putting them within reach of businesses of any size.” TELUS Cloud Collaboration With the proliferation of wireless devices in the workforce and the growing trend of mobile working, businesses must provide their employees with new ways to collaborate and be productive. Unified communication tools like voicemail, integrated messaging, presence and instant messaging, and voice and video conferencing – including support for mobile devices – have become business essentials. TELUS Cloud Collaboration enables businesses to deploy a suite of industry-leading unified communication and collaboration tools to help their employees work more efficiently and effectively, no matter where they are. Businesses also benefit from lower upfront costs and a predictable monthly fee that scales up or down as needs change; freeing up capital to invest in growing the business. TELUS Cloud Contact Centre As businesses grow, the number and complexity of customer inquiries increase and eventually exceed the capabilities of standard corporate IP phone systems. Today’s customers expect speedy and accurate service, and when they have a question they expect to reach someone immediately, using the channel of their choice. TELUS Cloud Contact Centre is a feature-rich and scalable solution that allows businesses of any size to deploy the latest in contact centre technology. It’s an end-to-end enterprise-grade solution that can support anywhere from a handful to thousands of agents. Agents can connect from the office, their home or almost any remote location; enabling businesses to provide the work/life balance their employees are looking for and the service their customers demand. Both solutions are hosted in Canada in TELUS’ Tier 1 data centres. “By harnessing the possibilities of cloud technology, TELUS is providing its customers with innovative and cost-effective business solutions,” said Mark Kummer, vice president, service provider, Cisco Canada. “TELUS is proving itself to be one of Canada’s most customer-focused service providers and is at the forefront of helping businesses benefit from cloud services.” More information on TELUS Cloud Collaboration is available here. More information on TELUS Cloud Contact Centre is available here. About TELUS TELUS (TSX: T, NYSE: TU) is Canada’s fastest-growing national telecommunications company, with $11.8 billion of annual revenue and 13.5 million customer connections, including 8.0 million wireless subscribers, 3.2 million wireline network access lines, 1.45 million Internet subscribers and 888,000 TELUS TV customers. TELUS provides a wide range of communications products and services, including wireless, data, Internet protocol (IP), voice, television, entertainment and video, and is Canada's largest healthcare IT provider. In support of our philosophy to give where we live, TELUS, our team members and retirees have contributed more than $350 million to charitable and not-for-profit organizations and volunteered 5.4 million hours of service to local communities since 2000. Created in 2005 by Executive Chairman Darren Entwistle, TELUS’ 11 community boards across Canada have led the company’s support of grassroots charities and will have contributed $47 million in support of 3,700 local charities organizations by the end of 2014, enriching the lives of more than two million Canadian children and youth. TELUS was honoured to be named the most outstanding philanthropic corporation globally for 2010 by the Association of Fundraising Professionals, becoming the first Canadian company to receive this prestigious international recognition.  For more information about TELUS, please visit telus.com. About Cisco Cisco (NASDAQ: CSCO) is the worldwide leader in IT that helps companies seize the opportunities of tomorrow by proving that amazing things can happen when you connect the previously unconnected. Cisco products and services are supplied in Canada by Cisco Systems Canada Co., a wholly owned subsidiary of Cisco Systems, Inc. For ongoing news, please go to http://thenetwork.cisco.com and http://newsroom.cisco.com/canada. -30- For additional information, please contact: Ryan Bazeley TELUS Media Relations 416-738-6063 ryan.bazeley@telus.com Karin Scott Cisco Canada 416-306-7164 kariscot@cisco.com Press Contacts Investor Relations Contacts Industry Analyst Relations Third Party Contacts