PRESS RELEASE Swedish Elite Football to Offer Their Fans a New and Engaging Mobile Experience All 32 Member Football Stadiums to Be Connected Before End of 2017 Stockholm, Sweden, November 13, 2014 – The association Swedish Elite Football (SEF) and its 32 member teams will implement Cisco StadiumVision® Mobile, the latest technology that offers dynamic channel viewing and data for fans to consume on their mobile devices, and Cisco® Connected Stadium Wi-Fi, a high-density solution that reliably connects thousands of fans concurrently, before the end of 2017. Fans will enjoy one of the most connected experiences possible, be able to take advantage of unique and interesting match perspectives, and engage with the teams in new and interactive ways. This significant step by SEF and its 32 members to address fan needs for a more personalized game-day experience sets the bar extremely high for other leagues around the world and helps ensure that they are at the forefront of using technology to transform the fan experience. Once the solutions are installed and tuned by systems integrator Cygate, part of TeliaSonera, fans will have public access to highly reliable and ubiquitous connectivity, allowing them to take advantage of live unique video content with minimal delay. SEF joins other leaders such as Real Madrid's Santiago Bernabéu, Manchester City FC's Etihad Stadium, Bayer04 Leverkusen's BayArena, Norwegian Toppfotball, and other leading teams and facilities in the world that have or are installing both of these solutions. In addition, various Cisco Connected Sports and Entertainment™ solutions have been installed in close to 250 venues around the world in more than 30 countries.   "We are very pleased and excited to take this important step, together with Cisco and Cygate, in making ‘Allsvenskan' and ‘Superettan', Sweden's highest divisions, the best divisions in the Nordics. Our ambition is to offer the visitors world class experiences and offer the clubs new ways to interact with their fans and partners, in full control of our most important rights and assets", says Mats Enquist, CEO at SEF. "During a large arena event, such as a top match in the Swedish national league, there can be up to 30,000 people connected to the Wi-Fi at the same time. It is critical that fans enjoy a smooth, uninterrupted experience, and we are very pleased and honored to deliver these solutions together with Cisco to create an extraordinary experience for SEF football fans," says Patrik Olsson, CEO Cygate AB. "Cisco commends SEF and its members for being revolutionary, as the scope of this league-wide agreement will be looked upon as a template for other leagues around the world to reference and follow. We look forward to working with Cygate, a valuable collaborator, to deliver our industry-leading solutions and connect the unconnected football fans in Sweden. Whenever fans come to a match, they will be connected, immersed and engaged with their favorite clubs through their mobile devices," says Niklas Andersson, managing director at Cisco Sweden. About Cisco Cisco (NASDAQ: CSCO) is the worldwide leader in IT that helps companies seize the opportunities of tomorrow by proving that amazing things can happen when you connect the previously unconnected. For ongoing news, please go to http://thenetwork.cisco.com. Cisco equipment in Europe is provided by Cisco Systems International B.V. and Cisco International Limited, wholly owned subsidiaries of Cisco Systems, Inc. #   #   # Cisco and the Cisco logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of Cisco and/or its affiliates in the U.S. and other countries. A listing of Cisco's trademarks can be found at www.cisco.com/go/trademarks. Third-party trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. The use of the word partner does not imply a partnership relationship between Cisco and any other company Press Contacts Investor Relations Contacts Industry Analyst Relations Third Party Contacts