PRESS RELEASE Danish National Stadium PARKEN to Become Most Connected Venue in Denmark With Cisco's Latest Wi-Fi and Mobile Video Solutions Copenhagen, Denmark, March 27, 2014 – Denmark’s national stadium, PARKEN, is to become one of the most connected stadiums in Scandinavia and will feature the industry’s latest fan technology developed by Cisco. Cisco® Connected Sports solutions include a custom built Connected Stadium platform that allows thousands of fans to connect and engage like never before. The fan technology suit includes Connected Stadium Wi-Fi, a high-density solution that reliably connects thousands of fans concurrently, Cisco StadiumVision® Mobile, the latest technology that offers dynamic channel viewing and data for fans to consume on the latest mobile devices, and Cisco StadiumVision, which allows the venue to target and deliver high-definition video and digital content on 100 displays placed throughout the stadium. The approximately one million people visiting PARKEN stadium every year will soon be able to enjoy free reliable Wi-Fi, after PARKEN signed agreements with both Cisco and Telia to enable and deliver seamless connectivity to all fans, press and stadium operations. The Wi-Fi network service is managed by Telia, and its installation will be based on Cisco’s years of experience in Sports and Entertainment and innovative technology. PARKEN becomes the first Danish stadium to install the cutting edge wireless technology, joining the likes of Real Madrid’s Santiago Bernabéu, Manchester City FC’s Etihad Stadium, Celtic FC’s Celtic Park, and numerous other leading teams and facilities in the world. “It is our ambition to position PARKEN as the most ‘fan friendly venue’ in the Nordics with the highest level of customer satisfaction. Therefore, we are committed to offer our audience the most connected experience possible. Cisco Connected Sports solutions are proven technologies around the world, and our partnership with Cisco and Telia will make our venue one of the most technologically advanced stadiums in Europe,” says CEO at FC Copenhagen and PARKEN, Anders Hørsholt.    Enhanced fan experience With Cisco StadiumVision, StadiumVision Mobile and Connected Stadium Wi-Fi, PARKEN will begin offering an interactive and immersive experience for their audience. Niels Münster-Hansen, managing director Cisco Denmark: “We are proud to have the opportunity to work with PARKEN Sport & Entertainment to collaboratively fulfill their vision of being the most interactive stadium in Europe. We both know that when people go to a football match or a concert, they want to use their mobile devices to share their experiences, interact with that action on the pitch or stage, and ultimately consume the action reliably and in new and different immersive ways.” In addition to the reliable Wi-Fi, PARKEN is to offer Cisco StadiumVision Mobile, which delivers up to four channels of live video and data content so that fans can enjoy instant video replays, live broadcast of the match, stats, and other additional unique video content. Between this solution and Cisco StadiumVision powering 100 high-definition displays placed throughout the stadium, it will ensure that fans do not miss a single moment of the action. Nordic stadiums connecting the unconnected Several other Nordic stadiums are also currently implementing free Wi-Fi to connect the unconnected fans. In January 2014, the Norwegian Professional Football League announced it will be the first league in the world to implement Cisco Wi-Fi and mobile video as a league solution. “We’re very excited about the agreement between PARKEN, Cisco and Telia. It will improve the fans’ overall match day experience through network enabled interactions, creating a more engaging and memorable experience. Today, fans want to track scores, highlights and use social networks like Facebook and Twitter to share their experiences with their friends. Collectively we will support this development in the Danish Superliga and forward the implementation and use of this technology in the Danish stadiums,” says Claus Thomsen, CEO, Divisionsforeningen, member of the European Professional Football Leagues (EPFL). About Cisco Cisco (NASDAQ: CSCO) is the worldwide leader in IT that helps companies seize the opportunities of tomorrow by proving that amazing things can happen when you connect the previously unconnected. For ongoing news, please go to http://thenetwork.cisco.com. Cisco equipment in Europe is provided by Cisco Systems International B.V. and Cisco International Limited, wholly owned subsidiaries of Cisco Systems, Inc. #   #   # Cisco and the Cisco logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of Cisco and/or its affiliates in the U.S. and other countries. A listing of Cisco's trademarks can be found at www.cisco.com/go/trademarks. Third-party trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. The use of the word partner does not imply a partnership relationship between Cisco and any other company. Press Contacts Investor Relations Contacts Industry Analyst Relations Third Party Contacts