PRESS RELEASE Norwegian Professional Football League to Become First League in the World to Implement Wi-Fi and Mobile Video as a League Solution Viking, Rosenborg , Ullevaal stadium and Haugesund to be first teams/venues to implement solutions and enhance fan experience Norway - 21 January 2014 - The Norwegian Professional Football League (NPFL), through a framework agreement with Datametrix, will become the first league in the world to implement Cisco Connected Stadium Wi-Fi and Cisco StadiumVision Mobile as a league solution, to give their fans the most connected experience possible and place them at the center of the action. Viking, Rosenborg, Vålerenga (Ullevaal stadium) and Haugesund  will be the first teams and venues that will implement the solutions. The need for these solutions was apparent as various surveys indicate that Norway is one of the world’s leading countries in use of smartphones and Internet, 94 % of Norwegian football fans bring their smartphone to matches, and internationally 73 % of fans bring their mobile devices to the stadium and 49 % share experiences there. “With the framework agreement that is now signed between Datametrix and NPFL, the clubs in the Tippeligaen have a great foundation to build reliable Wi-Fi solutions in-stadium,” said CEO of Norwegian Professional Football League, Leif Øverland. “We have had a very thorough review of various solutions in the market and it was clear that Cisco Connected Stadium Wi-FI and Cisco Stadium Vision Mobile are the foremost solutions, used by teams and venues around the world, which will provide an optimal wireless network and mobile video delivery for our fans. Along with Datametrix , who made a solid impression with its wireless expertise in the development of wireless venues like Holmenkollen and Telenor Arena we are convinced that this will be a robust , well-functioning and future-proof solution that will give the audience new and engaging experiences,” said project manager in NPFL Jon Ola Bergaplass . Once the solutions are installed and tuned, which Datametrix will undertake, fans will have public access to reliable and ubiquitous connectivity, allowing them to take advantage of StadiumVision Mobile, which delivers up to four channels of live unique video content with minimal delay, and can offer such options as the live broadcast, replays, an alternate-view of the pitch, other games around the league, or a data channel. In addition, the solution will also offer a number of interesting new digital platforms for partners and sponsors such as targeted advertising, sponsorship activations, promotions, branding and more opportunities that allow venues, teams and events to connect with fans and deliver real ROI. The Norwegian Professional Football League joins global leaders such as Real Madrid, Manchester City, Bayer04 Leverkusen, Sporting Kansas City, and Barclays Center as teams and venues that have or are installing both of these solutions. “Cisco applauds the Norwegian Professional Football League for their foresight, collaboration and ground-breaking commitment to changing the world of sports and transforming the experience for their fans through networking technology. The NPFL should take incredible pride in becoming the first league to implement Connected Stadium Wi-Fi and StadiumVision Mobile, ensuring that whenever their fans come to a match, they will be connected, immersed and engaged through their mobile devices. We look forward to delivering on our industry-leading solutions to fans throughout Norway and beyond,” said Jørgen Myrland, managing director Cisco Norway. QUOTES “In Viking we are committed to offer our audience an even better stadium experience. We also want your audience to be able to share our commitment and atmosphere at football game wirelessly with each other, friends and family. We are therefore pleased that that there is now provided a solution for an entire league. It’s a sign of ambitions and aspirations that we will do our best to fulfill,” said Dag Ove Aksland, commercial director of Viking. “Rosenborg Ballklub is working to make the game experience even better for the public. “Connected stadium” is a project we are involved in, and that we have great expectations for,” said Trond Alstad, head of the organization, responsibility and communication in Rosenborg . “At Ullevaal Stadium the wireless arena is important as part of efforts to meet the needs of today, and the future,” said Managing Director, Jack Hemmestad. “We are already well underway and have come a long way in terms of development of Haugesund stadium both in terms of infrastructure together with Haugaland Kraft and content solutions with TV Haugaland . Therefore, it is natural to be among the first with new solutions for our supporters and sponsors,” said the general manager of FK Haugesund Asle Skjærstad . “We are proud to have gained the trust of Norwegian Professional Football League and are looking forward to be part of realizing the ambition of Wireless League. Wireless infrastructure is a core area for Datametrix, and with this deal we take this expertise into the sports and adventure industry. We look forward to working with the various clubs on getting wireless infrastructure arenas built and help to enrich the audience experience for supporters ,” said CEO Svein Lerkerød of Datametrix . ### This press release has been issued by the Norwegian Professional Football League (NPFL). PR Contacts: • NPFL - Jon Ola Bergaplass, project manager Wireless stadium +47 901 35 790 • NPFL  - Leif Øverland, CEO , + 47 415 36 460 • Datametrix - Svein Lerkerød, CEO , +47 412 45 999 • Cisco Norway – Mailliw Sorensen Grann, PR, +47 950 42 860 Press Contacts Investor Relations Contacts Industry Analyst Relations Third Party Contacts