PRESS RELEASE Telecable Trusts Cisco to Provide Innovative Mobile Internet Services SP WiFi and ASR 5000 solutions enable network evolution with converged 3G, 4G (LTE) and wireless access Barcelona (MWC, 2014), February 24, 2014. – Telecable, company from Asturias region and one of the main cable operators in Spain, is using Cisco technology to evolve its mobile Internet networks,adopting WiFi services to provide customers with an optimised user experience and allowing convergence with 4G LTE (Long-Term Evolution). The Cisco Next Generation Internet Architecture selected includes Cisco Service Provider Wi-Fi and Cisco Aggregated Services Router (ASR) 5000 solutions, enabling Telecable to offer the widest range of services over WiFi networks (allowing for the convergence with 3G and 4G LTE), and providing customers access to mobile broadband services via any technology, anywhere and on any device, and generating new business opportunities. As a leading cable provider in Asturias offering the full range of quadruple- play services, Telecable _a mobile virtual network operator (Full OMV) from 2008 that in 2011 obtained its own radio license for 4G/LTE mobile services_ is constantly innovating to provide business and residential customers with new, higher-quality tailored services. Highlights Telecable has chosen the Cisco SP WiFi solution to deploy a robust ‘core' WiFi network in Asturias, extending the mobile data service that previously was only available through the cellular network. Telecable will use the Cisco solution to offload data traffic from the cellular network to the WiFi network whenever the user wants. This additional capacity will allow Telecable to offer customers high-speed access over Asturias region and a better user experience. The company has also set up the Cisco ASR 5000 platform as a GGSN/P-GW solution to act as a gateway between its mobile network infrastructure and the external IP network. Located in the heart of the core network, yet enabling a smooth migration to a virtualised environment, the Cisco ASR 5000 is a robust multimedia platform for 2G/3G and 4G LTE services capable of increasing the intelligence of the mobile network, while adding quality of service, policy control and analysis, crucial elements for offering real-time personalised services and monetizing the network. The Cisco Quantum network monetization solution will be responsible for analysing the data in motion and helping transform it into profitable services through greater intelligence and programming capacity among the different operator's access types. As added value, Telecable is looking to provide service continuity between the macro-cellular network and the WiFi network, offering seamless handover between domains. This is already possible by using the capabilities of both ASR nodes, so that the 3G network users automatically connect to the WiFi network in the areas covered by Telecable. Cisco Advanced Services and Acuntia, Cisco Gold Certified Partner, are working together on implementing the solution, including network planning, systems design and integration, deployment and support services. Supporting quotes Jesús Pérez Iglesias, Strategy, Products and Services managing director in Telecable: "As a leading cable provider in Asturias, we are committed to further strengthen the capacity and availability of our network through WiFi service adoption to provide innovative services to our customers, who wish to access the Internet, TV, video-on-demand, e-mail, instant messaging and other multimedia applications through high-speed mobile access. Adopting the Cisco SP WiFi and Cisco ASR 5000 solutions enables us to achieve this goal by optimising the user experience, making a smooth transition from WiFi to LTE and responding to future network demands". Santiago López, Service Provider Sales and Operations  manager in Cisco Spain : "Cisco and Telecable share the same vision of providing the highest-quality mobile internet services, be that through 3G, 4G or WiFi networks. We are delighted that Telecable has trusted our solutions once again to meet its customers' demands while at the same time leveraging previous investments and monetizing the network by adding greater intelligence, capacity and performance over a converged IP infrastructure optimised for the launch of WiFi services followed by 4G".   Supporting resources The Cisco ASR 5000 product family. Cisco Service Provider Wi-Fi. Information on Cisco products and technologies for service providers. Cisco Service Provider Mobility Community. Whitepaper: Top 10 considerations for a successful Evolved Packet Core (EPC) deployment. Visit the Cisco SP360 blog and follow us on Twitter.   About Cisco Cisco (NASDAQ: CSCO) is the worldwide leader in IT that helps companies seize the opportunities of tomorrow by proving that amazing things can happen when you connect the previously unconnected. For ongoing news, please go to http://thenetwork.cisco.com. #   #   # Cisco and the Cisco logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of Cisco and/or its affiliates in the U.S. and other countries. A listing of Cisco's trademarks can be found at www.cisco.com/go/trademarks. Third-party trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. The use of the word partner does not imply a partnership relationship between Cisco and any other company.