PRESS RELEASE Tele2 Arena to transform fan experience through seamless connectivity and new app featuring live video - Press release as issued by Stockholm Globe Arenas, Sweden -  Stockholm, Sweden - May 19,2014 - As the first arena in Europe, Tele2 Arena will give visitors access to new arena experiences via mobile devices. Thanks to Cisco StadiumVision Mobile, which is integrated with the new Tele2 Arena app that is launched today, a whole new event experience awaits the visitors to Tele2 Arena. The audience will be able to watch live broadcasts and replays in their mobile devices, share their experience directly via large arena screens, view live stats and participate in direct audience voting for the best player in the game or requesting a song during a concert. Tele2 Arena is the first in Europe to offer their visitors Cisco StadiumVision Mobile, which is part of the new Tele2 Arena app, allowing every visitor to become a larger part of the total live experience at the venue. - Tele2 Arena is one of the most modern stadiums worldwide and with this launch we reinforce that position. Together with our football teams Djurgården and Hammarby, our concerts and other events, the audience gets a unique combination of live entertainment and interactive digital app services to participate in shaping the future of arena experiences, says Ninna Engberg, CEO of Stockholm Globe Arenas. Every visitor who downloads the Tele2 Arena app also converts their mobile device into an interactive TV and a social platform for what is happening on the pitch or on stage. The app opens up a whole new world of digital opportunities that involves and engages the audience in a way never seen in Europe before. - We have built a world-class arena network that allows 40,000 visitors to make calls, use social channels such as Facebook, Instagram and Twitter, and engage with the live action in new ways to enhance the experience. Through our arena network we have created Sweden's most social arena where audience engagement becomes part of the overall experience, says Thomas Ekman, CEO Tele2 Sweden. Cisco StadiumVision Mobile has been developed by Cisco, one of the leading technology companies in the world. - By using Cisco's technology solutions, Stockholm Globe Arenas, with its partner Tele2, are changing the arena experience to one that is more personal, social and memorable. The audience will be able to use their mobiles to achieve a deeper level of engagement with the event, thereby enhancing their enjoyment of the match or concert. With Cisco's Connected Sports and Entertainment solutions installed, Tele2 Arena is one of the most technologically advanced stadiums in the world, and we are proud to be part of this collaboration, says Niklas Andersson, CEO Cisco Sweden. The new technology will be launched on May 21 when Djurgårdens IF meets IFK Göteborg in Sweden's national football series. The app is available in App Store and Google Play as of Tuesday the 20th of May. Examples of fan-facing services in the Tele2 Arena app: High-quality live video streams, with up to four unique camera angles delivered directly to your mobile. Ability to replay up to 30 seconds. Current game statistics on arena screens at the national football game series. Social integration - via Twitter and Instagram, visitors can share their pictures and tweets on the arena's large screens through selected hashtags. Voting function with live results in the app and on large screens. For example, the audience will be able to vote for the best player in the game or wish for a song at a concert. Opportunity for organizers of events to further customize audience specific solutions. For further information, please contact Daniel Stålbo, Marketing & Communications Manager Stockholm Globe Arenas Mail: Daniel.stalbo@globearenas.se Phone: +46 733 77 59 52   Press Contacts Investor Relations Contacts Industry Analyst Relations Third Party Contacts