PRESS RELEASE Transformation Through Innovation Cisco at IBC 2014 Showcasing the role of virtualization and the cloud in enabling connected home experiences Amsterdam, Netherlands – IBC, Stand 1.A71 – September 12, 2014 – Cisco today announced that on stand 1.A71 at IBC 2014 it will demonstrate transformational solutions focused on delivering increased agility, reduced operational expense and new revenues for media companies, satellite, telecoms and cable video operators. Addressing the industry’s most important challenges, Cisco demonstrations at IBC utilize virtualization, the cloud and open software to enable customers to scale multiscreen video solutions and deliver the anywhere, anytime viewing experiences that subscribers have come to expect. Demonstration Highlights: Delivering amazing experiences: Cisco will demonstrate how service providers and media and entertainment companies can differentiate and monetize with unique experiences, including new revenue generating opportunities through the Internet of Everything (IoE) with Connected Life services. Videoscape™ multiscreen solutions for satellite broadcast and hybrid networks offer a full roadmap from entry-level solutions to more advanced experiences. Using agile cloud technologies and advanced in-home solutions, Cisco will demonstrate how Videoscape underpins high-demand advanced services, including cloud DVR, to reduce churn, attract new subscribers and grow revenues. Cisco will showcase Videoscape solutions for cloud-centered environments, demonstrating how cloud-based and in-home elements work together to deliver advanced experiences. Demonstrations will include distribution of video over MOCA and video optimized Wi-Fi utilizing RDK-based thin clients to access cloud services. Visitors to the stand will experience a variety of customer deployments, ranging from 4K solutions to next-generation user experiences based on the award-winning Cisco® Snowflake™. Transformational architectures ‑ virtualisation and cloud: With a focus on architectures to transform both operations and end-user experiences, Cisco will demonstrate solutions that enable operators and media companies to simplify infrastructures, scale their multiscreen video operations and bring new multiscreen services to market faster. At the show, Cisco is announcing enhancements to the Videoscape virtualized video processing solution, which orchestrates workflows, enabling operators to create new video services in a few keystrokes. The result is the delivery of extremely fast and efficient services that can be monetized by using meaningful and actionable viewer analytics. Igniting growth for your business with our vision for the future: Cisco will showcase solutions that enable next-generation experiences for subscribers, including the latest version of Cisco Snowflake, the award-winning user-experience framework, including a focus on immersive 4K, Ultra HD projection. In an additional demonstration in hall 8 Cisco’s vision of the connected home will highlight how service providers can capitalize on the Internet of Everything (IoE) to differentiate with value-added services. Supporting Quote: Yves Padrines, Vice President, Service Provider Video, Europe, the Middle East, Africa and Russia, Cisco, commented: “Our vision for Service Providers is to help them transform their business by developing rich new services, reducing their operating costs and helping their business grow. We help them achieve this vision by providing a flexible architecture, innovative hardware and software solutions, industry leading services, and world-class support for all of their needs.” Customer announcements: Vodafone Showcases 4K Capability With Cisco at IFA 2014 TV Globo and Cisco Make Beautiful Video Together Additional Joint Demonstrations: Hosted by the EBU (stand 10.F20), the All IP Live Production demonstration provided by the BBC R&D, Cisco and Tektronix emphasises how multivendor live production architectures are today feasible, practical and easy to use by existing staff. On stand1.D.59, Eutelsat will provide a joint live demonstration of its smart LNB solution integrated with Cisco Videoscape to enable advanced two-way services on satellite platforms. Speaking Opportunities: “The Internet of Everything and Smart Living” ‑ Dr. Ken Morse, CTO, Cisco Connected Devices, Service Provider Video Infrastructure, and Guillaume de Saint Marc, Senior Director, New Initiatives, Cisco Service Provider Video Software and Solutions, Friday 12th September, 11.30 – Room E102 Deutsche Telekom and Cisco Cloud Case Study ‑ Thomas Stanecker, Head of TV Service Center, Deutsche Telekom, and Guillaume de Saint Marc, Senior Director, New Initiatives, Service Provider Video, Cisco – Monday 15th September, 15:00 – Hall 3 Stand A19 Supporting resources: About Cisco Videoscape: http://www.cisco.com/go/videoscape Blog Series: Cisco at IBC 2014: Cisco SP360: http://blogs.cisco.com/sp Follow Cisco at IBC news and activities on Twitter: #CiscoIBC14, #Videoscape   Tags/Keywords IBC, Cisco, Videoscape, Innovation, monetization, agility, OpEx, RDK, 4K, Ultra-HD, RSS Feed for Cisco: http://newsroom.cisco.com/dlls/rss.html About Cisco Cisco (NASDAQ: CSCO) is the worldwide leader in IT that helps companies seize the opportunities of tomorrow by proving that amazing things can happen when you connect the previously unconnected. For ongoing news, please go to http://thenetwork.cisco.com. #   #   # Cisco and the Cisco logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of Cisco and/or its affiliates in the U.S. and other countries. A listing of Cisco's trademarks can be found at www.cisco.com/go/trademarks. Third-party trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. The use of the word partner does not imply a partnership relationship between Cisco and any other company.     Press Contacts Investor Relations Contacts Industry Analyst Relations Third Party Contacts