NEWS HIGHLIGHTS Intel opens its fourth innovation center for Internet of Things (IoT) in Swindon as part of Intel Labs Europe. Intel will collaborate with British companies to develop innovative end to end solutions in industrial areas such as smart buildings, retail, and transport through hardware validation and enabling analytics for business intelligence.    SWINDON, June 26, 2014  – Today, Intel opened its fourth innovation center for the Internet of Things (IoT) in the European, Middle East and African Region in Swindon, UK. The innovation center, which Intel calls IoT Ignition Labs Swindon, will provide a comfortable place for customers to collaborate with Intel on end to end solutions by testing hardware and building analytics for tangible business value.    The common denominator for Intel’s four innovation centers is smart sustainable cities.  In Swindon, Intel will work specifically to address solutions needed in smart buildings, retail, and transport though will be open to any industry IoT deployments may benefit.  The space may also be used for educational workshops with local schools to learn hardware and software development.   “This ignition lab will provide our customers a place to build and test end to end IoT solutions that will transform our businesses and everyday lives,” said Rod O’Shea, EMEA IoT Marketing Director at Intel. “We pride ourselves in bringing innovative solutions to market and these labs are a testimony to our commitment to this space.”    During the opening day, brief presentations of Intel based IoT solutions were given by its subsidiary Wind River,* as well as by Eurotech,* Inflexion,* Intouch,* Advantech,* and Cascade3D.* Demonstrations on the day include the Intel® API Management Platform (AMP) which can simulates monitoring air quality within a town.  Data collected through gateways can be analyzed in real time, triggering pertinent changes in city signage through the Intel® Retail Client Manager (RCM). Historical data can then be analyzed to reveal trends against external factors like public transportation, weather, and events to establish predicable insights the town or city can use.    Late last year, Intel UK opened an IoT showcase room on the same site.  The room is outfitted with IoT driven demos to give customers examples of working end to end solutions. The IoT Ignition Labs Swindon joins similar labs now open in Turkey, Germany and Sweden.  Images     About Intel Intel (NASDAQ: INTC) is a world leader in computing innovation. The company designs and builds the essential technologies that serve as the foundation for the world’s computing devices. As a leader in corporate responsibility and sustainability, Intel also manufactures the world’s first commercially available “conflict-free” microprocessors. Additional information about Intel UK is available at newsroom.intel.com/community/en_uk and blogs.intel.com, and about Intel’s conflict-free efforts at http://newsroom.intel.com/conflictfree.intel.com. – 30 – Copyright © 2014 Intel Corporation. All rights reserved. Intel and the Intel logo are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the United States and other countries.  *Other names and brands may be claimed as the property of others. Intel EMEA IoT Ignitioin Lab backgrounder.pdf (288.1 K)
