Press Release 08/20/2014 EXPERIENCE “FLOWING SOUND” WITH SMART HI-FI AUDIO WIRELESS MULTI-ROOM SOLUTION FROM LG Enjoy High Definition Music Playback Anywhere, Anytime SEOUL, Aug.20, 2014 — LG Electronics (LG) today announced the all-new LG Music Flow for music lovers worldwide. LG Music Flow Speakers (models H3, H5, H7), Sound Bar (model HS6), Network Bridge (model R1) and the companion Music Flow Player application available for Android and iOS form a convenient and smart Hi-Fi audio eco-system for the home. Through the Music Flow Player app, users can centrally manage their entire digital music library, even if music is stored across multiple devices, and control all Music Flow speakers in the home. The app can also recommend songs and playlists, provide easy access to internet radio stations and function as a smartphone music player when the user is on the go. LG Music Flow is the first device in the UK to incorporate LG HomeChatTM, a unique service that brings a personal touch to human-device interaction. With HomeChat, audio lovers can use the popular smartphone messaging app Line to communicate with LG Music Flow in natural English text. What’s more, users can enjoy the speed and simplicity of one-touch music management thanks to the NFC tag function, the first in a wireless multi-room system for the home. “LG Music Flow takes the fast-growing concept of wireless multi-room audio systems to a new level with its smart convenience and superior sound quality,” said Byung-hoon Min, senior vice president of the LG Home Entertainment Company audio-video division. “Our advanced system can create a personal soundtrack that not only follows the listener from room to room, but also when the user enters the home. LG engineers have set a whole new standard by introducing features and functions to the wireless audio system category that have never been available before on competing units.” Auto Music Play[1] is one of the many compelling features of the new LG Music Flow. Auto Music Play allows users listening to music from their smartphones to automatically switch their current playlist to their Music Flow system when arriving home without missing a beat.  With the unique HomeChat integration, users can remotely review playlist recommendations and then schedule songs to play as soon as they arrive home. Another unique feature, LG Music Flow Player app, gives users full access and complete control of their digital music collections. Through the convenient search feature, music fans can find and play tracks stored on any internet-enabled device connected to LG Music Flow through the home Wi-Fi network. The app’s Mood Station feature can provide recommendations or automatically create a playlist to create specific ambience. LG’s system facilitates easy access to internet streaming and radio applications such as Spotify, Deezer, Napster and TuneIn (servicesdiffer by market) via the Audio Streaming Service. With LG Music Flow and the Music Flow Player app, millions of songs are literally at the listener’s fingertips. LG Music Flow employs mesh network technology and dual band Wi-Fi to ensure uninterrupted, crystal-clear HD music playback unlike competing systems that rely on a single access point which causes music interruptions and pauses whenever the signal level drops. Expanding LG Music Flow with additional speakers is an absolute breeze. Select Multi-room Mode to seamlessly play the same song across all connected speakers during parties or a different song in each room when family members are home. Use L/R Stereo Mode for a more immersive listening experience or Home Cinema Mode for an enhanced movie viewing experience. To guarantee optimal sound performance, LG has developed and implemented a proprietary Automatic Loudness Compensation Algorithm in the Music Flow system. This advanced software technology ensures audio strength and clarity across all frequencies. In addition, each speaker features an advanced nano-fiber pulp and foam paper diaphragm that further improves the quality of the sound. Unique to the HS6 Sound Bar model, LG’s Stereo Field Extension (SFX) Algorithm creates a larger sweet spot and amplifies the surround sound effect. In recent years, there has been an increase in consumer demand for superior sound in home audio devices as high-quality multimedia content becomes increasingly available. LG Music Flow is the first system in its category to feature 24 bit/192kHz Hi-Fi playback across multiple inter-connectable devices that reproduces studio-like quality sound, far superior to a CD or digital MP3 music. Now consumers can hear a level of realism that hasn’t been possible before in a wireless multi-room audio system for the home. LG Music Flow Smart Hi-Fi audio models H7 (70W), H5 (40W) and the Network Bridge model R1will be available in the UK starting this month and in other markets in Europe following IFA 2014 Berlin in early September. LGs Music Flow H3 speaker (30W) and HS6 Sound Bar model (320W) will be rolled out globally soon after. Visitors to IFA 2014 can see the complete LG Music Flow collection for themselves at Hall 11.2 in Messe Berlin in early September. To see highlights of LG Music Flow’s main features, see on this video —http://youtu.be/lQu08Yvdqxk.   # # #   About LG Electronics, Inc. LG Electronics, Inc. (KSE: 066570.KS) is a global leader and technology innovator in consumer electronics, mobile communications and home appliances, employing 82,000 people working in 119 locations around the world. With 2013 global sales of USD 53.10 billion (KRW 58.14 trillion), LG comprises five business units — Home Entertainment, Mobile Communications, Home Appliance, Air Conditioning & Energy Solution and Vehicle Components — and is one of the world’s leading producers of flat panel TVs, mobile devices, air conditioners, washing machines and refrigerators. LG Electronics is a 2014 ENERGY STAR Partner of the Year. For more news and information on LG Electronics, please visit www.LGnewsroom.com.   About LG Electronics Home Entertainment Company The LG Electronics Home Entertainment Company is a global top player in audio-visual products, monitors, personal computers, digital signage and commercial displays. The company is always pushing the boundaries of technology to create feature-rich devices with stylish designs that meet the needs of global consumers. LG is committed to improving customers lives with innovative home entertainment products led by its award-winning OLED TVs, 4K ULTRA HD TVs and CINEMA 3D Smart TVs featuring the new webOS platform. For more information, please visit www.LG.com.   Media Contact: LG-One UK Danielle McGleenan lgukpress@lg-one.com 0207 413 3000  [1] LG Music Flow Player can be downloaded for free from Google Play or Apple App Store on iTunes.
