Press Release 10/23/2014 LG G WATCH R, NEW BENCHMARK FOR WEARABLES, BEGINS GLOBAL ROLLOUT Newest Android Wearable Delivers Smart Capabilities in ClassicWatch Form Factor LONDON, Oct.23, 2014 — LG Electronics (LG) announced today that its newest Android wearable, LG G Watch R, will be available for purchase at retail sites throughout Europe including countries such as France, Italy, Spain and the UK in the beginning of November, followed by key markets in North America, Asia and the Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS) soon after. Customers in select markets will also be able to purchase G Watch R on Google Play in the weeks ahead.  The LG G Watch R made its world debut at IFA 2014 to much interest and with its stylish looks and smooth, speedy performance, became one of the show’s most mentioned new products. The world’s first watch-style wearable to feature a fully circular Plastic OLED (P-OLED) display, the G Watch R was inspired by classical and premium timepieces. The 1.3-inch circular P-OLED display takes advantage of every pixel, producing images with stunning colour and accurate viewing at all angles, even under bright sunlight. Designed and built to last, the LG G Watch R features a classic design encased in durable stainless steel and aluminum powered by a 410mAh battery, the largest in an Android Wearable to date. Like the original LG G Watch, the G Watch R delivers optimal performance through its powerful but efficient 1.2GHz Qualcomm® Snapdragon™ 400 processor with 4GB of storage and 512MB of RAM. With an Ingress Protection rating of IP67, the device is completely protected from dust and water resistant for up to 30 minutes at a maximum depth of one metre. The G Watch R, designed with personalisation in mind, is compatible with any 22mm wide watch strap. The LG G Watch R offerssix new pre-loaded watch faces and improved power savings in ambient mode. The update toAndroid WearTMOS will add even morefeatures and functionality to G Watch R, such as offline music playback.Updates will be performed seamlessly through the smartphone with the owner’s permission.   “While the original G Watch was designed to be a no-nonsense, pure Android Wear device, the G Watch R was developed with a more aesthetic eye,” said Dr. Jong-seok Park, president and CEO of the LG Electronics Mobile Communications Company.  “The G Watch R represents LG’s commitment to meld form and functionality together in perfect harmony and to create a device that not only looks great, but more importantly, offers technology that makes life more convenient.” Prices and additional purchase details will be announced locally at time of availability. For more product images and videos, please visit http://www.lg.com/uk/mobile-phone-accessories/lg-W110   Key Specifications: Chipset: 1.2GHz Qualcomm® Snapdragon™ 400 Display: 1.3-inch P-OLED Display (320 x 320) Memory: 4GB eMMC / 512MB RAM Battery: 410mAh Operating System: Android Wear™           (compatible with smartphones running Android 4.3 and above) Sensors: 9-Axis (Gyro / Accelerometer / Compass), Barometer, PPG (Heart Rate Monitor Colour: Black Other: Dust and Water Resistant (IP67)    # # #   About LG Electronics, Inc. LG Electronics, Inc. (KSE: 066570.KS) is a global leader and technology innovator in consumer electronics, mobile communications and home appliances, employing 87,000 people working in 113 locations around the world. With 2012 global sales of USD 45.22 billion (KRW 50.96 trillion), LG comprises five business units — Home Entertainment, Mobile Communications, Home Appliance, Air Conditioning & Energy Solution and Vehicle Components — and is one of the world’s leading producers of flat panel TVs, mobile devices, air conditioners, washing machines and refrigerators. LG Electronics is a 2013 ENERGY STAR® Partner of the Year. For more news and information on LG Electronics, please visit www.LGnewsroom.com.   About LG Electronics Mobile Communications Company The LG Electronics Mobile Communications Company is a global leader and innovator in mobile communications. With its breakthrough technologies and innovative designs, LG continues to establish a number of benchmarks in the smartphone market, while also helping create a better lifestyle for consumers by delivering a wholly enhanced smartphone experience. As a leader in 4G Long Term Evolution (LTE) technology, LG continues its commitment to developing groundbreaking LTE technologies and fulfilling consumer demands with differentiated LTE devices of the highest quality, all of which are based on the company’s wealth of LTE patents and technical knowledge. For more information, please visit www.lg.com/uk   Media Contacts: LG-One Max Bruges / Lindsey Rossell 0207 413 3000 lgukpress@lg-one.com www.LGnewsroom.com
