Press Release 02/13/2014 LG reveals Brits ruin over £2 billion worth of laundry each year LG highlights the benefits of caring for what you wear using the latest in laundry technology - British adults each ruin an average of 1 - 2 pieces of clothing in the laundry every year - More than 600,000 people in the UK are estimated to have ruined up to nine items in just 12 months - On average Brits ruin £3,969 worth of garments in the wash over their lifetime - Almost half of the nation (48.2 per cent) admit to having been put off purchasing garments because of the washing instructions, with women being nearly twice as likely as men to be dissuaded - Men show less care when washing clothes, likely to do just one wash a week, compared to careful women who are more likely to do a wash everyday   UK, Thursday 13th January, 2014 – Ahead of London Fashion Week, LG Electronics, the Official Garment Care Supplier, has released survey results revealing that on average British adults ruin 1 - 2 pieces of clothing each year whilst doing their laundry; with more than 600,000 estimated to have spoiled a staggering nine items in just 12 months. By far the nation’s most common laundry mishap is shrinking clothing, with almost two thirds of people saying they’ve damaged garments in this way, demonstrating Brit’s lack of understanding and attention when it comes to caring for our couture.   As well as providing garment care for London Fashion Week’s leading designers before next season’s collections hit the catwalk, LG is encouraging the nation to take better care of their own wardrobes to ensure clothing lasts longer. The rate at which fashion is consumed in the UK contributes to today’s sustainability challenges in a number of ways, an issue being addressed by the growing ‘slow fashion’ movement. Promoting the value of investing in a considered and future-proof wardrobe, over the trend for throw-away fashion, LG is supporting ‘slow fashion’ by raising awareness of the benefits of modern laundry technology can bring when caring for clothing.   Dawn Stockell, Head of Brand Marketing adds: “As LG enters its sixth consecutive season supporting London Fashion Week, we’re encouraging consumers to value well-made, quality garments; be mindful of how and where their clothes are produced; and to properly care for their wardrobes. LG’s unique 6 Motion Direct Drive Washing Machines offer a range of advanced features to support consumers in caring for their wardrobes at home - even their most delicate fabrics. With sustainable fashion becoming increasingly important, we hope consumers will see the long term financial and environmental value in caring for their clothes as much as possible.”   Men come off worse in the survey results, tending to ruin more pricey clothes than women and likely to do just one wash each week, showing less care for maintaining their wardrobes. Men are also less likely than women to be put off buying certain items because of the care instructions - just a third (34.2 per cent) of men compared to 58 per cent of women admit to being dissuaded by washing requirements. Yet with the innovative new technologies available on the market today, it’s easier than ever to complete the laundry without any clothing fatalities, even including silk which is the nation’s most avoided fabric purchase.   LG’s 6 Motion Technology is designed to offer different washing motions to best care for a range of fabrics. The 6 Motion range of washing machines and washer dryers, are able to perform various drum motions or a combination of different motions depending on the wash programme selected, to mirror motions of traditional manual wash methods – from scrubbing Sports Wear to a performing a gentle figure of eight motion above and below the water line for more delicate items.   LG has launched the UK’s largest capacity Washer Dryer (F1695RDH) with an impressive 12kg wash capacity and 8kg dry capacity, including TrueSteam™ technology and 6 Motion Direct Drive. Energy efficiency and capacity are a key focus throughout LG’s laundry appliance range, which also introduces the A+++(-40%) 12kg capacity F1495BDSA TrueSteam™ 6 Motion Direct Drive washing machine and A++ rated 9kg RC9055AP2Z tumble dryer that are both well-equipped for handling even the most precious fashionista’s washing load.   For top tips on how to care for your wardrobe readers can visit (www.lge.com/uk/6motion) or for further LG product information see www.lg.com/uk/appliances .   ENDS   Notes to editors: Research base size 2,000 UK adults – full research available on request. The brand returns as the Official Garment Care Supplier to London Fashion Week Autumn/Winter 2014, for the sixth consecutive season. As part of this collaboration, LG’s Steam Team continues to play a key role during London Fashion Week, ensuring that all clothes look fresh, sleek and sharp for the runway.   Media Contacts:   LG-One UK Alison Metcalfe / Lindsey Rossell +44 (0)20 7413 3000 lgukpress@lg-one.com   About LG Electronics, Inc. LG Electronics, Inc. (KSE: 066570.KS) is a global leader and technology innovator in consumer electronics, mobile communications and home appliances, employing nearly 87,000 people working in over 110 locations around the world. With 2012 global sales of USD 45.22 billion (KRW 50.96 trillion), LG comprises four business units – Home Entertainment, Mobile Communications, Home Appliance, and Air Conditioning & Energy Solution – and is one of the world’s leading producers of flat panel TVs, mobile devices, air conditioners, washing machines and refrigerators. LG Electronics is a 2012 and 2013 ENERGY STAR® Partner of the Year. For more news and information on LG Electronics, please visit www.LGnewsroom.com.   About LG Electronics Home Appliance Company The LG Electronics Home Appliance Company is a global leader in the home appliance industry, dedicated to offering healthier and greener products, blending smart technology and trend-setting design and providing a complete solution for improving daily life. LG’s insightful products, including refrigerators, washing machines, dishwashers, cooking appliances, vacuum cleaners, built-in appliances, and healthcare products are designed to resonate with consumers around the world. LG’s innovative technologies and convenient features, including the world`s first smart refrigerator, steam washing machine and infrared grill oven, set new trends in the appliance industry. For more information, please visit www.LG.com.  
