Press Release 08/15/2014 LG OLED TV HONOURED FOR THIRD CONSECUTIVE YEAR AT EUROPE’S EISA AWARDS Widely Praised LG G3 Smartphone Also Receives Recognition from Region’s Top Media London, August. 15, 2014 — LG Electronics (LG) today announced that its 4K OLED TV, Smart+ TV, SoundPlate and its flagship LG G3 smartphone have been recognised by the European Imaging and Sound Association (EISA) 2014-2015 Awards. As the only company with three consecutive EISA awards for its OLED TV technology, LG’s leadership in the home entertainment category was solidified by its latest accomplishment. LG’s 77-inch  (model 77EC980V), the winner of EISA’s European High-End TV 2014-2015 award, is the first to incorporate 4K resolution with a state-of-the-art OLED display that features WRGB technology. This combination of the latest in advanced display technology ensures sharp, detailed images and infinite contrast ratio. The ergonomically curved screen of 4K OLED TV delivers an immersive viewing experience and a wide viewing angle. And thanks to LG’s Tru 4K Engine Pro, the 77EC980V can upscale lower resolution content to near Ultra HD picture quality.   EISA’s European HT Soundbase 2014-2015 award was bestowed on the LG SoundPlate (model LAB540). Designed to fit conveniently and unobtrusively under a TV, the slim SoundPlate is a complete all-in-one home entertainment solution. In addition to its robust 4.1 channel, 320W home theater surround sound system which includes an active wireless subwoofer, the LAB540 offers a built-in 3D Blu-ray player and Smart TV functionality. It also supports Bluetooth, allowing users to effortlessly stream audio files from external devices. The highly acclaimed LG G3 was also honoured by EISA this year, receiving the European Advanced Smartphone Award for 2014-2015. The set a new precedent as a device developed primarily from consumer feedback and its philosophy, Simple is the New Smart. Its breathtaking Quad HD display and 13MP OIS+ camera with Laser Auto Focus were designed to quickly and easily capture and show life’s special moments. The proprietary software found in the LG G3 features innovations such as Smart Keyboard, Smart Notice and Knock CodeTM for a simply convenient, simply clever and simply safer user experience. “It is a great thrill and honour to have our products recognised by an organisation as widely respected as EISA,” said Hyun-hwoi Ha, president and CEO of LG’s Home Entertainment Company. “LG will continue to push the limits of technology and design in our effort to meet the needs of consumers around the world who look to LG to deliver the best that the industry has to offer.” EISA is an association made up of 50 member publications from 20 European countries, dedicated to covering the latest in sound and imaging technology. Announced annually, the EISA Awards recognise the best consumer audio and video products in six different categories: Audio, Video, Home Theater, Photography, In-car Electronics and Mobile Devices. Awards are bestowed upon new products that embody the best combination of advanced technology, features, design, ergonomics and value for money.   # # #   About LG Electronics, Inc. LG Electronics, Inc. (KSE: 066570.KS) is a global leader and technology innovator in consumer electronics, mobile communications and home appliances, employing 86,000 people working in 119 locations around the world. With 2013 global sales of USD 53.10 billion (KRW 58.14 trillion), LG comprises five business units — Home Entertainment, Mobile Communications, Home Appliance, Air Conditioning & Energy Solution and Vehicle Components — and is one of the world’s leading producers of flat panel TVs, mobile devices, air conditioners, washing machines and refrigerators. LG Electronics is a 2014 ENERGY STAR Partner of the Year. For more news and information on LG Electronics, please visit www.LGnewsroom.com.   About LG Electronics Home Entertainment Company The LG Electronics Home Entertainment Company is a global top player in audio-visual products, monitors, personal computers and digital signage and commercial displays. The company is always pushing the boundaries of technology to create feature-rich devices with stylish designs that meet the needs of global consumers. LG is committed to improving customers lives with innovative home entertainment products led by its award-winning OLED TVs, 4K ULTRA HD TVs and CINEMA 3D Smart TVs featuring the new webOS platform. For more information, please visit www.LG.com.   Media Contact: LG-One UK Lindsey Rossell / Kayleigh Williams / Danielle McGleenan lgukpress@lg-one.com 0207 413 3000
