Press Release 02/20/2014 INTRODUCING G2 MINI, LG’S FIRST “COMPACT” SMARTPHONE With G2 mini, LG Expands Premium G Series Benefits to Mid-Tier Segment UK, 20thFebruary, 2014 — LG Electronics (LG)will unveil its first ever “compact” smartphone, the G2 mini, at Mobile World Congress (MWC) 2014 in Barcelona, Spain. Developed as a smaller version of the award-winning LG G2, the G2 mini will introduce most of the G2’s premium UX features to a new global audience. User-favorite UX features found in LG’s premium G Series flagship models, such as Guest Mode and Plug & Pop, have been carried over to the G2 mini to satisfy a generation of new users. And because the global mid-tier smartphone was designed to meet the needs of millions of customers around the world, the G2 mini will be available in many variations: 3G/4G LTE, four vibrant colour options (Titan Black, Lunar White, Red and Gold). Now mature, the smartphone market has settled into categories of premium devices with display sizes above 5-inches and mid-tier devices in the 4.5-inch range.1 As a 4.7-inch device with optimum hardware unmatched in its class, the G2 mini is anticipated to further satisfy consumer demand for a practical smartphone with premium features. As a compact version of the smartphone that has earned a number of “Best of 2013” awards from the media, the G2 mini maintains the innovative design heritage of the Rear Key first introduced in the G2. The 4.7-inch screen and 2,440mAh battery are both top-in-class and the bright IPS display and powerful Quad-Core processor provide a superb multitasking experience. What’s more, the G2 mini comes with Android 4.4 KitKat for the most up-to-date and optimised Android experience currently available. The G2 Mini also sees the continuation of the popular Plug & Pop feature from the LG G2, which automatically produces a customisable menu of apps and audio programs when earphones or a USB cable are connected; providing a seamless audio experience. Fans of the G2 will also recognise the Guest Mode feature, which uses a unique unlock code to protect sensitive content and password information, remaining concealed when the phone is used by others. “Recent trends have seen the emergence of larger screens and phablets, which offer an incredible viewing experience on the go, however we must not forget that there is still a huge appetite for smaller devices that fit conveniently into pockets and handbags.” said Andy Coughlin, Head of Mobile LG UK. “We are incredibly excited about the arrival of the G2 Mini, which brings many of the features consumers have come to love about the LG G2, but in a more compact size. The reception to the G2 has been very positive from both media and consumers alike and we are confident that the G2 Mini will continue this success.” The G2 mini will being its global rollout in March with the 3G Dual SIM model in CIS countries followed soon after by major markets in the Middle East, Latin America and Asia —including Singapore, Hong Kong, Taiwan—and Europe. Attendees of MWC 2014 will be able to experience the G2 mini first-hand at LG’s Booth in Hall 3 of Fira Gran Via.   Key Specifications: -    Chipset:   1.2 GHz Qualcomm Quad-Core MSM8926 (LTE), MSM8226 (3G)                  1.7GHz NvidiaQuad-Core Tegra4i (LATAM LTE version) -    Display: 4.7-inch qHD IPS (960 x 540) -    Memory: 8GB eMMC / 1GB RAM / SD Card Slot -    Camera: Rear 8.0MP / 13.0MP(LATAMLTEversion) /Front 1.3MP -    Battery: 2,440mAh (removable) -    Operating System: Android 4.4 KitKat -    Size: 129.6 x 66.0 x 9.8mm -    Weight:121g -    Network: Cat. 4 & VoLTE / Cat. 3(LATAM), HSPA+ 21Mbps (3G) -    Connectivity:Bluetooth 4.0, WiFi (802.11 b/g/n), A-GPS,NFC(only applicable to 4G LTE version) -    Colors: Titan Black, Lunar White, Red, Gold (availability differs by region) -    Other: Plug & Pop, Guest Mode, Clip Tray, Quick Window,etc.   # # #   About LG Electronics Mobile Communications Company The LG Electronics Mobile Communications Company is an innovator and trend leader in the global mobile communications industry. LG is driving the evolution of mobile forward with its highly competitive core technologies in the areas of display, battery and camera optics and strategic partnerships with noted industry leaders. LG’s consumer-centric products — including the flagship premium G Series models — incorporate unique, ergonomic designs and intuitive UX features that enhance the user experience. The company remains committed to leading consumers into the era of convergence, maximizing inter-device connectivity between smartphones, tablets and a wide range of home and portable electronics products. For more information, please visit www.LG.com.   Media Contacts: Michelle Rainey / Lindsey Rossell LG-One                                                                           +44 207 413 3000                                                           lgukpress@lg-one.com
