Press Release 11/04/2014 LG WASHING MACHINES SURPASS TWENTY MILLION SALES MARK GLOBALLY Available in Over 160 Markets, LG Achieves Industry Milestone with One Washing Machine Sold Every 8 Seconds LONDON,Nov. 4, 2014—LG Electronics (LG)announced that it has sold more than twenty million units of its 6 Motion Direct Drive washing machinesgloballyin the past five years, a remarkable accomplishment for a home appliance, demonstrating the company’s technological leadership in the washing machine market.At the heart of this achievement is LG’s innovative 6Motion Direct Drive technology, which offers userspowerful yet delicate washing results similar to those of a real hand wash.   LG’s 6 Motion Direct Drive technologywas first incorporated into the company’s front-load washing machines in October 2009. In October 2013, LG recorded 10 million sales of its 6 Motion Direct Drive washing machines and 20 million units byearly this month. Withone LG washerfinding a home somewhere in the world every eightseconds, it’s no wonder LG washing machines have become the industry standard in significant markets such as the United States, Russia, China and even in Korea, where there is no dearth of strong competitors. To maintain its industry leadership, LG has filed approximately 150 patent applications in several key countries for its 6 Motion Direct Drive technology.   The popularity of 6 Motion Direct Drive technology is in the six different washing motions — Tumbling, Scrubbing, Filtration, Rolling, Stepping, Swing — that individually or in combination provide powerful washing results.LG washing machines also offer optimised washing programmes for a diverse range of fabrics. In addition to enhancing fabric care, the delicate motions cause fewer wrinkles and less damage. The washing machines are powered by LG’s advanced Inverter Direct Drive motor, which is backed by the reliability of a 10 year warranty.   The Korea Institute for Advancement of Technology (KIAT) hasrecognisedLG’s 6 Motion Direct Drive technology by awarding it their Green Technology certification for its contribution to minimising greenhouse gases and emissions. This year alone, LG’s 6 Motion Direct Drive washing machines have received accoladesand recognition from consumer-basedorganisationsin nations around the world, including Sweden, Spain, the Netherlands, Italy, Australia and the United States. But rather than resting on the laurels of its 6 Motion Direct Drive, LG continues to introduce a variety of new technologies that to this day bringsignificant time and energy savings to consumers. For example, LG’s revolutionary TurboWash™feature, introduced this year, enables washing cycles to finish in 59minutes[1] and also reduce energy consumption by up to 15 percent and water consumption by up to 40 percent.[2]   “Since day one, LG has focused solely on developing innovative technologies that benefitconsumers first and foremost,” said Chris Yi, executive vice president, LG Electronics Home Appliance Company. “The 6 Motion Direct Drive technology is a result of that philosophy and tradition at LG.When you build the products that customers want and take care of them throughout the lifecycle of the product, your market share will be a reflection of their satisfaction.”   For more information on LG’s market-leading laundry range and unique 6 Motion Direct Drive technology please visit www.LG.com/uk/6motions. [1] Tested by Intertek onmodel F94933WHScompleted within 59 ± 5% minutes. Settings:Cotton Cycle with TurboWash option. [2] Tested by Intertek on model F94933WHSwith TurboWash and without TurboWash. Settings: Cotton Cycle, 40℃, 1400rpm, kg load. # # # About LG Electronics, Inc. LG Electronics, Inc. (KSE: 066570.KS) is a global leader and technology innovator in consumer electronics, mobile communications and home appliances, employing 82,000 people working in 119 locations around the world. With 2013 global sales of USD 53.10 billion (KRW 58.14 trillion), LG comprises five business units ― Home Entertainment, Mobile Communications, Home Appliance, Air Conditioning & Energy Solution and Vehicle Components ― and is one of the world’s leading producers of flat panel TVs, mobile devices, air conditioners, washing machines and refrigerators. LG Electronics is a 2014 ENERGY STAR Partner of the Year. For more news and information on LG Electronics, please visit www.LGnewsroom.com.   About LG Electronics Home Appliance Company The LG Electronics Home Appliance Company is a global leader in the home appliance industry, providing thoughtfully designed products that combine excellent performance with enhanced user convenience. The company’s smart appliances offer consumers impressive energy and time savings along with greater health benefits. LG’s innovative products, including refrigerators, washing machines, dishwashers, cooking appliances, vacuum cleaners, built-in appliances, and healthcare products are designed to resonate with consumers around the world. For more information, please visit www.LG.com/uk/appliances.   Media Contacts: Alison Metcalfe LG-One lgukpress@lg-one.com 0207 413 3000 
