Press Release 03/24/2014 LG SHINES IN DESIGN AT RED DOT AWARDS 2014 Takes Home 33 Awards, LG G Flex and Smart 3D Blu-ray Home Cinema System Named “Best of the Best” March 24, 2014 ― LG Electronics’ (LG) reputation for excellence in the field of design has been recognised with 33 Red Dot Awards, including two prestigious “Best of the Best” awards for its innovative G Flex and Smart 3D Blu-ray Home Cinema system. With more than 4,800 entries this year, the internationally respected Red Dot Awards are one of the three most important design awards in the industry, along with the iF Design Award and IDEA (International Design Excellence Award). “This year’s Red Dot results confirm our commitment to design across all product categories,” said Dr. Scott Ahn, LG’s Chief Technology Officer. “We’re especially proud of our performance this year, surpassing last year’s performance of 27 awards which including a ‘Best of the Best’ for our Curved OLED TV.” The LG G Flex, which had previously earned praise as a Gold Winner in the 2014 iF Design Awards, underlines LG’s industry-leading innovation credentials. As the ergonomic, vertically curved smartphone to match the contour of the human face, the revolutionary device offers an immersive viewing experience with its 6-inch display and design that fits more comfortably in the hand and pocket. LG’s Smart 3D Blu-ray Home Cinema system (Model BH9540TW) offers 3D surround processing, 1460 watt 9.1 channel audio and impressive video capabilities. The beautiful black and silver unit complements all of today’s flat panel TVs and was designed to look impressive in most living rooms. Also recognised in the recent awards, the LG GSL545 American Style Fridge Freezer series picked up both a Red Dot 2014 and iF design award. Praised for its sleek, innovative design and generous capacity, the GSL545 is the first side-by-side fridge freezer to feature horizontal opening pocket handles that create a streamlined finish.   ### About LG Electronics, Inc. LG Electronics, Inc. (KSE: 066570.KS) is a global leader and technology innovator in consumer electronics, mobile communications and home appliances, employing 87,000 people working in 113 locations around the world. With 2013 global sales of USD 53.10 billion (KRW 58.14 trillion), LG comprises five business units — Home Entertainment, Mobile Communications, Home Appliance, Air Conditioning & Energy Solution and Vehicle Components — and is one of the world’s leading producers of flat panel TVs, mobile devices, air conditioners, washing machines and refrigerators. LG Electronics is a 2013 ENERGY STAR® Partner of the Year. For more news and information on LG Electronics, please visit www.LGnewsroom.com   About LG Electronics Home Entertainment Company The LG Electronics Home Entertainment Company is a global top player in audio-visual products, monitors, personal computers and wearable devices. The company is always pushing the boundaries of technology to create feature-rich devices with stylish designs that meet the needs of global consumers. LG is committed to improving customers lives with innovative home entertainment products led by its award-winning OLED TVs, 4K ULTRA HD TVs and CINEMA 3D Smart TVs featuring the new webOS platform. For more information, please visit www.LG.com     Media Contact: LG-One Danielle McGleenan / Lindsey Rossell 0207 413 3000 lgukpress@lg-one.com
