Press Release 08/28/2014 LG’S FOUR-DOOR REFRIGERATOR WITH DOOR-IN-DOOR™ PROVIDES EASY ACCESS AND MORE CONVENIENCE LG’s Door-in-Door™ Equipped Refrigerator MakesFood Storage and Organisation Easier than Ever London,28th August 2014: LG Electronics (LG) has today announced the release of its new four-door refrigerator with Door-in-Door™. Accessible with the simple push of a button, the innovative Door-in-Door™ lets consumers quickly and easily take out their frequently used snacks and drinks. The refrigerator also features the revolutionary Inverter Linear Compressor, which ensures considerable energy savings and a quiet performance. The inclusion of Pure N Fresh helps to keep food fresher for longer while the Smart Storage System allows users to arrange the inside of the fridge in whatever way works best for them.  “Consumers have told us what they really need is a refrigerator that provides easier access to the items they use most often and the efficiency to render greater energy savings,” said Seong-jin Jo, president and CEO of the LG Electronics Home Appliance Company. “LG’s new Door-in-Door™ refrigerator featuring the unprecedented Inverter Linear Compressor gives people exactly what they’ve been looking for – quick, easy access and reduced energy consumption. And, thanks to our Smart Storage System, the refrigerator also offers consumers a smarter way of keeping their food organised.”  Door-in-Door™: Quick and Easy Access, EnhancedConvenience With the simple push of an easy-open button, LG’s Door-in-Door™ enhances convenience by keeping sought-after food and beverage items within easy reach. It also reduces the number of times the user needs to access the main storage compartment. This helps to reduce cold air escape by up to 47.3 percent compared to opening the Fridge door and keep food fresher for longer1. The Door-in-Door™ also provides extra shelf space, enabling users to organise the refrigerator in a way that meets the individual consumers’ needs. They can raise or lower the handy Adjustable Moving Basket depending on what they want to store and use the Mini Table – which provides a convenient, flat surface – to pour drinks into a cup or glass while standing at the fridge; saving the hassle of carrying heavy bottles to the dining room.   Smart Storage System: the Smartest Way to Organise Your Fridge The Smart Storage System improves food organisation and maximises convenience. Fitting neatly inside the main door, the Slim In-Door Ice Maker benefits the user with more shelf space – meaning better organisation and access is achievable. By relocating the ice maker from the top shelf of the refrigerator to inside the left door, LG’s refrigerator can deliver even more room for food and beverages.  Meanwhile, Extra Space, new to LG, is a recessed area at the bottom of the main compartment. This opens up a new found ‘space’ in the fridge ideal for storing small food items such as cheese and sliced deli meats amongst others. The Smart Storage System also incorporates the Folding Shelf, which conveniently folds away to make room for larger items like tall bottles or soup tureens. LG’s comprehensive organisation system also extends to the freezer section’s Multi Drawer Freezer and Sliding Shelf. As well as providing plenty of storage, the Sliding Shelf is easy to open and can safely support heavy items.  Inverter Linear Compressor: Save Energy with LG’s Revolutionary Technology Thanks to LG’s revolutionary Inverter Linear Compressor, the new four-door refrigerator with Door-in-Door™ consumes less energy and operates quietly. Employing a linear piston drive instead of a conventional reciprocating drive, LG’s advanced Inverter Linear Compressor generates less internal friction resulting in lower energy requirements and noise as well as greater reliability and durability due to the reduction of friction points. It helps food stay fresher with an optimal temperature balance and comes with a 10-year warranty.  Pure N Fresh: an Advanced System for Advanced Freshness The Pure N Fresh is a unique air purification system that helps to keep the refrigerator’s interior as fresh as possible. It employs a thick carbon deodoriser to reduce the presence of acidic and alkaline odours, which often accompany rotten vegetables and fish. The Pure N Fresh also features a proprietary fan that draws in contaminated air, purifies it, and then sends it back into the refrigerator once every hour. LG’s partnership with the fresh food advocate, Honestly Healthy, highlights the unique and innovative technologies in the brand’s latest range of combi, side-by-side and American style refrigeration. The new product line up features technologies specifically designed to maintain freshness in fruit and vegetables, such as the Pure N Fresh is a unique air purification system that employs a thick carbon deodoriser to reduce the presence of acidic and alkaline odours, which often accompany rotten fish, fruit andvegetables.   -          ENDS - Notes to Editors   LG GMM916NSHV Four-Door Refrigerator with Door-in-Door™ Premium Steel finish Inverter Linear Compressor Door-in-Door Digital sensors Express freezing Child lock Door alarm Total No Frost Multi Air Flow 28dB Capacity 601 litres (Freezer 301/Refrigerator 419) W 912 x H 1797 x D 758mm Energy Grade A+   For more information and retailinformation please visit www.lg.com/uk   Media Contacts: LG-One UK Alison Metcalfe / Lindsey Rossell +44 (0)20 7413 3000 lgukpress@lg-one.com   About LG Electronics, Inc. LG Electronics, Inc. (KSE: 066570.KS) is a global leader and technology innovator in consumer electronics, mobile communications and home appliances, employing nearly 87,000 people working in over 110locations around the world. With 2012 global sales of USD 45.22 billion (KRW 50.96 trillion), LG comprises four business units – Home Entertainment, Mobile Communications, Home Appliance, and Air Conditioning & Energy Solution – and is one of the world’s leading producers of flat panel TVs, mobile devices, air conditioners, washing machines and refrigerators. LG Electronics is a 2012 and 2013 ENERGY STAR® Partner of the Year. For more news and information on LG Electronics, please visit www.LGnewsroom.com.   About LG Electronics Home Appliance Company The LG Electronics Home Appliance Company is a global leader in the home appliance industry, dedicated to offering healthier and greener products, blending smart technology and trend-setting design and providing a complete solution for improving daily life. LG’s insightful products, including refrigerators, washing machines, dishwashers, cooking appliances, vacuum cleaners, built-in appliances, and healthcare products are designed to resonate with consumers around the world. LG’s innovative technologies and convenient features, including the world's first smart refrigerator, steam washing machine and lightwave oven, set new trends in the appliance industry. For more information, please visit www.lg.com.
