Press Release 06/12/2014 LG PUTS CONSUMERS IN THE PICTURE WITH #LGMATCHMOMENTS New competition calls on fans to share their reactions to the highs and lows of the greatest football event ever. LG showcases the ‘Picture Perfect’ experience of watching the summer of sport in ULTRA HD 4K and OLED. LONDON, 12 June 2014 — LG Electronics (LG) is today launching #LGMatchMoments, giving football fans the chance to enjoy the packed sporting summer schedule in crystal clear definition and get a closer look at the nation’s reactions to the highs and lows of the beautiful game. From 12thJune – 14th July 2014, people will be able to share pictures of their reactions to those pivotal moments in the game via Facebook, Instagram and Twitter using the hashtag #LGMatchMoments, for the chance to win one of LG’s latest Premium TVs. The campaign will be supported by a microsite – www.LGMatchMoments.com – where all the competition entries will be hosted and winners will be celebrated. Winners will receive a range of prizes, including LG Pocket Photo Printers, LG 49” ULTRA HD 4K Smart TVs and an LG Curved OLED TV. During the course of the summer, LG will also track the reactions of four groups to the summer’s football with a family from each of the four key Continents – Europe, Asia, Africa and the Americas; one from South Korea, one from England, one from Ghana and one from Brazil. Watching all the action on LG’s latest TVs – LG ULTRA HD 4K and Curved OLED TVs - the groups’ #LGMatchMoments will not only be available to view on the microsite, but also on the LG screen in Piccadilly Circus.   Andy Mackay, LG UK Commercial Director, commented: “As we approach the World’s greatest football event, this is undoubtedly a key period for consumers to consider upgrading their home entertainment set-up in order to really make the most of the action. We want to showcase the incredible viewing experience that’s available with LG’s latest TVs, such as OLED and ULTRA HD 4K screen technologies, and celebrate the emotion of the summer of sport. From the nation’s sofas, #LGMatchMoments will capture fans cheering as their team scores that critical goal, as well as the inevitable tears.” To find out more, or to enter the competition, visit www.lgmatchmoments.com   -          ENDS -   About LG Electronics, Inc. LG Electronics, Inc. (KSE: 066570.KS) is a global leader and technology innovator in consumer electronics, mobile communications and home appliances, employing nearly 87,000 people working in over 110locations around the world. With 2012 global sales of USD 45.22 billion (KRW 50.96 trillion), LG comprises four business units – Home Entertainment, Mobile Communications, Home Appliance, and Air Conditioning & Energy Solution – and is one of the world’s leading producers of flat panel TVs, mobile devices, air conditioners, washing machines and refrigerators. LG Electronics is a 2012 and 2013 ENERGY STAR® Partner of the Year. For more news and information on LG Electronics, please visit www.LGnewsroom.com.   Media Contact: LG Electronics UK Beth Robins 0207 413 3000 lgukpress@lg-one.com www.lg.com/uk
