Press Release 08/14/2014 LG BEGINS SHIPPING LTE VERSION OF G PAD 8.0 Latest Tablet Offers More Portability and Advanced UX and Camera Features of LG G3   London, Aug. 14, 2014 — In an effort to expand its leadership in LTE from smartphones to tablets, LG Electronics (LG) today unveiled an LTE version of the G Pad 8.0, offering blazing fast outdoor connectivity and portability for on-the-go media consumption. The LTE offers the right balance of performance and price competitiveness and comes preloaded with the best of the LG G3 smartphone’s premium user experience (UX), delivering smooth multitasking capabilities and an immersive multimedia experience. The LG G Pad 8.0 LTE includes a unique sync feature that delivers easy connectivity with other Android devices. With QPair 2.0, users can connect to their smartphones with Bluetooth to conveniently answer phone calls, receive notifications, and send text messages, directly from their LG tablet.  Other noteworthy features in the LG G Pad 8.0 LTE include:  Touch & Shoot helps capture special moments quickly and intuitively by letting users tap anywhere on the G Pad display to focus and trigger the shutter in one single step, eliminating a time-consuming two-step process.   Gesture Shot makes taking selfies simple and fun. Opening and closing one’s hand in front of the lens starts a three-second countdown before triggering the shutter for brilliant, blur-free selfies.   Smart Keyboard makes typing on an 8-inch tablet display just as easy as typing on a smartphone. Smart Keyboard reduces input errors by up to 75 percent by tracking and analysing typing habits and intuitively “knowing” what words the user intended to type.   Knock Code™, LG’s proprietary security feature that makes powering on and unlocking one fluid action, gives up to four users their own personal knock pattern so family members can share the LG G Pad without sharing their personal information.   “With the G Pad 8.0 LTE, LG is setting a higher standard for connectivity in emerging 4G markets,” said Dr. Jong-seok Park, president and CEO of the LG Electronics Mobile Communications Company. “Today’s on-the-go consumers demand speed and convenience wherever they are, at any time. If a 4G LTE infrastructure is in place, we want LG products to be first to take advantage of the fast network.”   The G Pad 8.0 LTE will begin shipping in European countries starting this week followed by markets in Central and South America, Asia and CIS in the weeks to follow, with UK availability confirmed for 2014.   G Pad 8.0 Key Specifications: Display: 8.0-inch IPS (1280 x 800 / WXGA) Chipset: 1.2GHz Quad-Core Memory: 16GB eMMC / 1GB RAM / microSD slot Camera: Rear 5MP / Front 1.3MP Battery: 4200mAh Size: 210.8 x 124.2 x 9.9mm Weight: 344g Connectivity: Wi-Fi / LTE Color: Black / White / Luminous Orange / Luminous Blue Other: QPair 2.0 / Touch & Shoot / Gesture Shot / Smart Keyboard / Knock CodeTM   # # # About LG Electronics, Inc. LG Electronics, Inc. (KSE: 066570.KS) is a global leader and technology innovator in consumer electronics, mobile communications and home appliances, employing nearly 87,000 people working in over 110locations around the world. With 2012 global sales of USD 45.22 billion (KRW 50.96 trillion), LG comprises four business units – Home Entertainment, Mobile Communications, Home Appliance, and Air Conditioning & Energy Solution – and is one of the world’s leading producers of flat panel TVs, mobile devices, air conditioners, washing machines and refrigerators. LG Electronics is a 2012 and 2013 ENERGY STAR® Partner of the Year. For more news and information on LG Electronics, please visit www.LGnewsroom.com.   About LG Electronics Mobile Communications Company The LG Electronics Mobile Communications Company is a global leader and innovator in mobile communications. With its breakthrough technologies and innovative designs, LG continues to establish a number of benchmarks in the smartphone market, while also helping create a better lifestyle for consumers by delivering a wholly enhanced smartphone experience. As a leader in 4G Long Term Evolution (LTE) technology, LG continues its commitment to developing groundbreaking LTE technologies and fulfilling consumer demands with differentiated LTE devices of the highest quality, all of which are based on the company’s wealth of LTE patents and technical knowledge. For more information, please visit www.lg.com.   Media Contact: LG Electronics UK Michelle Rainey / Lindsey Rossell 0207 413 3000 lgukpress@lg-one.com   www.lg.com/uk
