Press Release 02/10/2014 Storm and LG extend their strategic partnership until 2017 Agreement extends LG’s residency on one of London’s most famous billboards to 10 years Storm, Clear Channel UK’s premium out-of-home advertising brand, and LG have announced a three-year extension to their Coventry House site partnership in London’s Piccadilly Circus. The agreement extends LG’s relationship with one of London’s most famous billboards to 10 years. LG will work closely with Storm to harness the creative power of the screen and produce ground-breaking campaigns.   The extension of Storm’s partnership with LG signals the media owner’s intention to create memorable campaigns with the world’s leading brands. As part of the agreement, Storm has the flexibility to offer Coventry House to other advertisers for tactical campaigns: allowing them to take temporary ownership of the full-motion screen during the three-year period.    “With more than 2 million consumers passing Coventry House each week, the site delivers both impact and impressions. We are therefore thrilled to be continuing the partnership with Storm and are working toward delivering some stand-out creative in the coming months.” comments Dawn Stockell, Head of Brand Marketing at LG Electronics UK.  Darren McKay, Sales Director of Storm, said: “Over the last seven years, LG has become synonymous with London’s Piccadilly Circus and we are excited to extend this fantastic relationship to a decade. Storm will work closely with LG to maximise the creative possibilities of our stunning site to create beautiful advertising. Our partnership with LG is one of the longest running in UK out-of-home advertising and we are looking forward to deepening this relationship over the coming years.” Errol Baran, Managing Director of Storm, added: “This new agreement is a further demonstration of Storm’s intention in the market - we are establishing ground-breaking relationships with the world’s leading brands. This new deal offers LG an on-going presence at one of the World’s most prestigious advertising sites while giving Storm the flexibility to make the screen available to other leading brands.”     Press Contacts Guy Melzack, Communications Manager, Clear Channel UK D: +44 (0)20 7478 2970 M: +44 (0)77 2521 9321   LG-One lgukpress@lg-one.com T: 0207 413 3000   About Storm:  Since launching in October 2013, Storm has changed the face of out-of-home advertising. Its stunning sites are designed to showcase brands brilliantly through the creative flexibility of full ownership. We are ripping up the out-of-home rulebook and finding ways that challenge the way we all think. We’ve moved away from two-week in-charges to a connected, efficient and modern approach. We believe we represent true evolution in the out-of-home market.  To provide the best possible showcase for advertisers, no Storm branding appears on the sites. Digital nameplates and customisable lighting complete the ownership story. The result is a bespoke offering built around maximising creative and media-planning potential for brands. www.stormdigital.com About LG Electronics, Inc. LG Electronics, Inc. (KSE: 066570.KS) is a global leader and technology innovator in consumer electronics, mobile communications and home appliances, employing 87,000 people working in 113 locations around the world. With 2012 global sales of USD 45.22 billion (KRW 50.96 trillion), LG comprises five business units — Home Entertainment, Mobile Communications, Home Appliance, Air Conditioning & Energy Solution and Vehicle Components — and is one of the world’s leading producers of flat panel TVs, mobile devices, air conditioners, washing machines and refrigerators. LG Electronics is a 2013 ENERGY STAR® Partner of the Year. For more news and information on LG Electronics, please visit www.LGnewsroom.com.   About LG Electronics Home Entertainment Company The LG Electronics Home Entertainment Company is a global top player in televisions, monitors, commercial displays, audio video systems, personal computers and security systems. The company constantly pushes technological boundaries to create feature-rich devices with stylish designs that meet global consumer needs. LG's consumer products include OLED TV, Ultra HD TV, CINEMA 3D Smart TV, IPS monitors, home theater systems, Blu-ray Disc™ players, car audio video systems, mouse scanners and external storage devices. LG’s commercial products include digital signage, video conferencing systems and IP security cameras.
