Customers Globally Select Dell Cloud Solutions and Services Print Check out this page on Dell.com! Email RSS Feed Date : 12/06/2014 Round Rock, Texas   Dell Cloud solutions and services enable businesses to boost profits by attracting new customers and better serving existing customers Dell helps governments create new services and enhance existing ones for constituents through innovative private and public cloud environments Dell’s flexible, cloud-agnostic approach allows educational institutions to improve student and teacher performance   Public and private organizations around the world choose Dell Cloud solutions and services to achieve their unique business goals, improve competitiveness and better serve customers and citizens. The choice and flexibility Dell offers across private, public and hybrid cloud computing environments appeals to organizations globally that want cloud solutions tailored to their specific needs. “Dell recognizes that each customer is unique and a one-size-cloud approach does not fit all. By combining our global ecosystem of leading cloud providers with our cloud management capabilities and end-to-end solutions and services, Dell can create a cloud environment tailored for a customer’s specific needs,” said Nnamdi Orakwue, Vice President, Software Strategy, Operations and Cloud, Dell. “With this cloud-agnostic approach, we’re providing a simpler cloud experience and enabling organizations worldwide to use cloud as both a technology and business enabler.” Dell Cloud Fuels Businesses Globally Dell Cloud solutions and services enable global businesses to scale rapidly to serve more customers and enter new markets, reduce overhead so expenses can be reprioritized to boost profits, and increase operational efficiencies allowing employees to focus on delivering business results. U.K-based PIE Mapping saw significant demand for its services after developing a Freight Journey Planner that kept business moving on London’s roads during the 2012 Olympics. To meet this demand, Pie Mapping needed more scalable and flexible IT so it switched from an on-premises infrastructure to a Dell Cloud on Demand platform. The move has enabled the company to calculate complex routes significantly faster in the cloud, introduce several new products and services and can scale its IT in an instant to support its growing global ambitions. “With local data centers supporting Dell Cloud on Demand, we don’t have to expect any latency issues,” said Freddie Talberg, CEO, PIE Mapping. “We can deliver a fast and efficient service to customers wherever they are using the Dell Cloud on Demand platform. This is a long-term partnership.” Leading online shopping comparison website LeGuide.com is based out of France but meets the demanding expectations of shoppers from 14 countries across Europe. As part of its growth, LeGuide.com acquired the shopping portal Ciao and needed to quickly integrate the new technology while also migrating its core infrastructure to a new data center leveraging cloud-based IT. Partnering with Dell Services, the company designed a hybrid platform anchored on virtualized Dell PowerEdge servers and Dell EqualLogic storage . A private cloud sitting on top of the physical layer simplifies integration and a third cloud-on-demand layer comes into play when traffic to the site spikes dramatically. With this layered hybrid platform, LeGuide.com has consolidated servers, and reduced management time and costs by up to 40 percent. Additionally, the company can ramp capacity quickly and efficiently as needed in the future. “Thanks to Dell Cloud Services, we can boost capacity at peak periods while maintaining the same level of security as our on-premises infrastructure,” said Mohammed Bellamine, COO, LeGuide.com. “This is the kind of flexibility that the industry requires.” Dell Private Clouds Serve the Public Sector Dell Cloud solutions are enabling governments and their agencies to efficiently modernize their IT infrastructures to better support their constituents with new and improved services. France’s SICTIAM, a government-controlled agency providing IT services to public institutions, turned to Dell to build a private cloud so it can provide Infrastructure-as-a-Service (IaaS) to its customers such as police stations and schools. By moving to the cloud and IaaS, local authorities reduce capital expenditure on IT and lower operational costs while improving employee productivity and potentially taxpayer value. Additionally, civil servants connecting to SICTIAM’s cloud have flexible access to key applications such as finance and payroll from multiple locations, and all institutions now have a platform for implementation of e-signatures, paperless offices and more environmentally-friendly working practices in the future. “We easily create new services and tailor existing services to meet the needs of our clients through the Dell-based cloud,” said Jean Marie Mercolino, Joint Managing Director, SICTIAM. “We can react to the requests of personnel who may see the benefit of new features or functionalities. Scottish Fire and Rescue Service (SFRS) was formed to streamline and improve Scotland’s services by unifying eight separate fire and rescue services as well as Scotland’s fire college. SFRS needed to offer its 9,000 personnel a reliable finance system while a wide area network was in development. Dell Cloud Dedicated Service delivered the desired system while Dell Cloud on Demand was tapped for SFRS’s intranet and website services. The SFRS staff stays focused on work knowing finances are under control and the organization saves resources with a pay-as-you-grow model, easily switching additional services to the cloud as needed. “We had our new finance system up and running in the cloud in just six weeks,” said Stuart Chalmers, ICT Business Services Manager, SFRS. “It was great work by everybody involved, and a testament to the efforts of Dell.” Dell Cloud Enables Educators to Excel For educational institutions across the world, Dell Cloud solutions and its cloud-agnostic approach provide flexibility and choice to procure the best cloud platform for educational excellence. The Dong Yang Education Bureau in China set out to improve K-12 education through an efficient, flexible and reliable cloud infrastructure. The platform supports students and teachers from 146 schools by running more than 500 administrative and learning application servers as well as virtual desktops—all with high expectations on performance, security, operational efficiency and data safety. After months of working with Dong Yang Education Bureau to train the organization on the latest cloud capabilities, Dell designed a solution meeting all desired outcomes that includes Dell PowerEdge servers, Dell Storage, Dell Networking switches, Dell Software and Dell Services. “Dell is experienced in propelling educational excellence, emphasizing the role of technology in the transformation of education.” Mr. Chen, Director of Dong Yang Education Bureau said, “Eighty percent of the schools in Dong Yang come from rural areas. Through the end-to-end cloud solution s provided by Dell, rural area schools now have more access to quality educational materials. Dell has improved the balanced development of education.” Chengdu University of Information Technology (CUIT) located in China’s Sichuan province, is using cloud and thin client computing to reduce management and energy costs, improve mobile access and collaboration and enable innovation for its 20,000 students and 3,000 staff. By virtue of its science and technology focus, IT plays a central role in CUIT’s programs so the move from traditional data center and PC environments to the cloud was an obvious choice to achieve its goals. Working with Dell, CUIT designed two cloud platforms, one tailored for hyperscale computing and one for smaller compute requirements to meet the various needs of its 16 colleges, 71 departments and 42 research centers. When paired with Dell Wyse thin clients, the cloud infrastructure provides a highly-flexible compute environment with consistently fast access for CUIT students and significant savings. Additionally, the solution has been recognized by Sichuan’s provincial government and the department of education for its potential to enhance teacher and student performance and education across China. About Dell Dell Inc. listens to customers and delivers innovative technology and services that give them the power to do more. For more information, visit www.dell.com. Dell, PowerEdge, EqualLogic, Cloud Dedicated Service, Cloud on Demand, Dell Networking and Power Vault, are trademarks of Dell Inc. Dell disclaims any proprietary interest in the marks and names of others.   
