Dell Software Named 2014 Confirmit ACE Award Winner Print Check out this page on Dell.com! Email RSS Feed Date : 12/06/2014 Round Rock, Texas Awards program recognizes Dell Software for outstanding achievement in customer excellence to increase customer satisfaction and improve business results Dell Software is the recipient of a 2014 Confirmit ACE (Achievement in Customer Excellence) Award. The accolade demonstrates Dell’s long-term commitment to providing its global customer base with unparalleled customer service. The Confirmit ACE Awards program celebrates outstanding achievement in Voice of the Customer and customer experience. Receiving a Confirmit ACE Award is a distinct honor that demonstrates the recipient’s rigorous application of customer experience processes, and its outstanding performance as measured by those processes. An elite group of Confirmit clients qualified for an ACE Award. Dell’s selection as a Confirmit ACE Award recipient was based on positive feedback provided by customers about their support experiences. “We are delighted to be a Confirmit ACE award winner,” said Sean McEvoy, Worldwide Leader, Support, Dell Software. “We are committed to providing the best customer experience possible, and this award demonstrates that we are delivering on that promise. As we work to continually improve our world-class support program, input from our customers and partners is critical, and we consider Confirmit an important partner in our program’s continued success.” "Dell is a true leader in customer excellence. Its comprehensive program ensures that customer feedback is fully integrated into the company to improve overall business results,” said Henning Hansen, President and CEO of Confirmit. “We are honored that Dell relies on Confirmit for its customer experience initiatives, and look forward to continuing to support their program as it continues to evolve.” About the Confirmit ACE Awards The ACE (Achievement in Customer Excellence) Awards program was established in 2005 to recognize outstanding achievement in customer satisfaction. Receiving a Confirmit ACE Award is a distinct honor that demonstrates both rigorous application of customer feedback processes and outstanding performance as measured by those processes. All Confirmit customers are eligible for Confirmit ACE Awards for their company, business units, or segments of a business. To be eligible for a 2014 Confirmit ACE Award, organizations must have conducted one or more Voice of the Customer surveys between January 1, 2013 and December 31, 2013, and meet a range of qualitative criteria based on recognized industry best practices. Delivering Complete and Connected Software Solutions Dell Software empowers companies of all sizes to experience Dell’s “Power to Do More” by delivering scalable yet simple-to-use solutions that can increase productivity, responsiveness and efficiency. Dell Software is uniquely positioned to address today’s most pressing business and IT challenges with holistic, connected software offerings across five core solution areas, encompassing data center and cloud management, information management, mobile workforce management, security and data protection. This software, when combined with Dell hardware and services, helps customers simplify IT, mitigate risk and accelerate business results. About Confirmit Confirmit is the world's leading SaaS vendor for multichannel Voice of the Customer, Employee Feedback, and Market Research applications. The company has offices in Oslo (headquarters), Chengdu, Cologne, Grimstad, London, Moscow, New York, San Francisco, Vancouver, and Yaroslavl. Confirmit's software is also distributed through partner resellers in Madrid, Milan, Salvador, Sydney, and Tokyo. Confirmit powers Global 5000 companies and Market Research agencies worldwide with a wide range of software products for feedback / data collection, panel management, data processing, analysis, and reporting. Customers include Aurora, British Airways, Cross-Tab, Dow Chemical, Farmers Insurance, GfK, GlaxoSmithKline, GMO Research, JTN Research, Keep Factor, Morehead Associates, Nielsen, Research Now, Swapit, Swisscom, Symantec and The Wellcome Trust. Visit www.confirmit.com for more information. About Dell Dell Inc. listens to customers and delivers innovative technology and services that give them the power to do more. For more information, visit www.dell.com. Dell is a trademark of Dell Inc. Dell disclaims any proprietary interest in the marks and names of others.
