Dell Partners with Schools Nationwide to Prepare for the Future of Learning and Technology Print Check out this page on Dell.com! Email RSS Feed Date : 30/06/2014 Atlanta, Georgia Chesterfield County Public Schools deploys 32,000 Dell Chromebook 11 laptops to empower personalized learning for students in a world driven and enabled by technology Dell expands partnership with Henrico County Public Schools to distribute devices for all elementary and middle school students and instructors while also enhancing professional learning opportunities Maryville City Schools selects Dell’s ‘Built for School’ Latitude 13 Education Series as an ideal solution for enhancing personalized learning   School districts nationwide continue to select Dell end-to-end solutions and services to solve their toughest technology challenges, including enhancing personalized learning opportunities for students while maintaining an efficient IT infrastructure districtwide. At ISTE 2014, Dell announced that Chesterfield County Public Schools, Henrico County Public Schools and Maryville City Schools chose Dell technology to enhance their learning environments and better prepare students for success in college and career.As a dedicated partner, Dell has deployed technology in hundreds of thousands of educational institutions worldwide and has seen significant interest in its Chrome-based devices from schools and districts around the country, many of which are looking for affordable, easy to manage and comprehensive device options for their 1:1 computing initiatives. “Technology is evolving at an exponential pace, and Dell is committed to an end-to-end approach to helping educational institutions solve their technology challenges through tools and services that help maximize their budgets and focus on educating and preparing students for success,” said Jon Phillips, managing director of strategy for Dell’s Global Education practice. “We are excited to be working with the forward-thinking administrators, educators and leaders within Chesterfield County, Maryville City and Henrico County school districts to deliver on this commitment.” Chesterfield County Public Schools When Chesterfield County Public Schools administrators set out to create an instructional program that would help students build 21st-century skills, they sought a technological infrastructure that was on par with any business in their community. After a rigorous period of device testing and stakeholder feedback, Chesterfield chose Dell to assist it in transforming education and learning across the school district to support a unique blended and project-based learning model. The district will provide a Dell Chromebook 11 to every student in its 12 middle schools and 12 high schools, enabling increased anywhere-at-any-time access to the information and resources required for 21st-century learning and collaboration. The Dell Chromebook 11 laptops will use Hapara’s Teacher Dashboard to organize all student work across Google Apps automatically by class and student, providing teachers and administrators with real-time visibility and insights to further improve student outcomes. “Working with Dell and Hapara has helped us scale our blended learning environment, removing the restrictions of the physical classroom and engineering an anytime-anywhere learning platform,” said Adam Seldow, executive director of technology at Chesterfield County Public Schools. “We are very excited that students will have opportunities to pursue academic endeavors and their passions and interests with their Dell Chromebook, and we look forward to further expanding our students’ access to learning opportunities with Dell.” Henrico County Public Schools After successfully partnering with Dell to expand a 1:1 laptop program for its high school students in 2013, the Henrico County School Board voted unanimously to award two four-year contracts to Dell that will supply devices to its elementary and middle school students and teachers. “For years, we’ve received overwhelmingly positive feedback from students, parents, teachers and administrators following the initial deployment of laptops to our high school students, who are flourishing in the increasingly digital learning environment that we’ve enabled,” said Peter Taylor, the school division’s director of Technology. “We look forward to continuing our successful partnership with Dell as we engage all grade levels in 21st-century learning.” Dell and Henrico County Public Schools (HCPS) have also worked to enhance professional learning (PL) for Henrico educators and staff, a partnership that dates back to 2006. From the co-development of the Teacher Innovation Progress (TIP) chart to the scaled implementation of Reflective Friends in 2010–14, HCPS educators and Dell have worked together to reinforce powerful learning outcomes for youth and adults alike. Maryville City Schools Maryville City Schools has embarked on a journey to forever change learning for its students and prepare them for college, careers and the modern workforce using 21st-century technology. The district chose Dell’s ‘Built for School’ Latitude 13 Education Series laptop to help connect students with limitless learning opportunities in grades 4-12. Through its iReach-Limitless Learning initiative, the district and its technology partners will provide each student in grades K-12 with a Dell Latitude 13 laptop to enrich their educational experiences. Teachers in the district will also receive Dell devices to maximize their creativity, innovation and professionalism in the classroom. “Through our partnership with Dell, we can provide digital access to every student in grades 4-12, erasing the digital divide and elevating the learning potential of every child,” said Dr. Mike Winstead, Director of Schools.  “In my experience as an educator and parent, this initiative offers the greatest potential for real change in teaching and learning.  We are excited to be working with Dell as we deploy laptops across the district over the next two years, and forever change the learning environment for all current and future students in the Maryville City Schools.” Dell Predicts Biggest Opportunity for EdTech, Curriculum-as-a-Service, Adaptive Testing and Student Data Security to Increase Nationwide in 3 years Dell partners with educational institutions worldwide that share the company’s commitment to supporting student success. Through these partnerships, Dell has gained a wealth of insight into the opportunities presented by next generation learning technologies to empower students, administrators and teachers to create better learning environments. Leveraging experience working with thousands of districts, Dell has outlined three predictions that highlight potential opportunities to enhance the classroom experience over the next three years. These predictions include: “Curriculum-as-a-Service” will allow teachers and students to share materials and collaborate on a global level, leveraging lesson plans and content that span across schools, districts, time zones and continents. Adaptive and game-based testing technologies will make it possible to personalize student assessment as tests become “smart” and personalized to students’ course progress and learning style. Students will be able to move away from memorization toward problem-solving, inquiry-based learning and self-guided investigations. Schools will proactively implement their own strategies to secure student data and deliver easy tools to keep digital content safe. Students will also gain a better understanding of their own data footprint and become better able to control access to their data at a very granular level, including the ability to opt-in or opt-out of certain data collection practices. About Dell Dell Inc. listens to customers and delivers innovative technology and services that give them the power to do more. Dell is committed to helping students develop the knowledge and skills they need to learn and succeed in an increasingly digital world and a globally competitive workforce. As a top provider of technology and services to schools, Dell listens to and works with students, educators, administrators, parents and community members around the world to deliver innovative technology and services that give them the power to do more in and out of the classroom. Learn more about Dell in Education at www.dell.com. Follow us on Twitter @DellEDU. 
