Dell’s Fortified Endpoint and Network Security Solutions Help Customers Elevate ‘Perimeter’ Protection Print Check out this page on Dell.com! Email RSS Feed Date : 03/06/2014 Round Rock, Texas   Dell KACE and Dell SonicWALL safeguard customers against threats originating inside and outside their organizations Amerijet selects end-to-end Dell solutions to improve customer service success and strategic IT innovation Cresa chooses Dell to improve secure access to global client data while bolstering desktop support Church of Highlands designates Dell to ensure uninterrupted access to critical systems and live broadcasts Dell today announced continued momentum in helping customers deploy highly effective strategies for protecting vital systems and crucial data from ever-increasing security risks. According to a recent Dell Global Security Survey, a new generation of cyber-attacks stemming from megatrends, such as BYOD, mobility, cloud computing and Internet of Things, introduces a multitude of new risks that are compounded by a rise in both accidental and malicious internal actions. The survey revealed that 76 percent of IT leaders polled (93 percent in the United States) agree that combating today’s threats requires companies to protect complete company perimeters—both inside and outside the organization. Together, Dell KACE and Dell SonicWALL elevate “perimeter” protection for customers by increasing endpoint and network security. “We know it’s crucial to safeguard every aspect of our customers’ environments—from the data to the endpoint to the cloud,” said Tom Kendra, vice president and general manager, Systems Management, Dell Software. “Dell is dedicated to becoming the easiest technology company to do business with and helping our customers achieve their full potential. That’s why customers who choose Dell’s Connected Security solutions, including Dell KACE and Dell SonicWALL, are well positioned to reduce risks, increase network visibility and decrease IT and security administration.” Amerijet Soars to New Heights of Customer Service with End-to-End Dell IT Innovations Amerijet International, a full-service, multi-modal transportation and logistics company, carries more than 200 million pounds of freight annually to more than 550 destinations worldwide, requiring fast, efficient and secure access to the company’s cargo management applications. Amerijet partnered with Dell to build a next-gen data center with world-class hardware, software and services to better support organic growth while improving endpoint and network security. Dell SonicWALL next-generation firewalls provide centralized management, application-layer visibility as well as integrated intrusion detection and prevention to secure the network. Amerijet has implemented Dell SonicWALL E-Class SRA EX7000 appliances to ensure safe VPN connectivity for remote workers from nearly 100 global locations while the E-Class Email Security Appliance (ESA) E8300 provides comprehensive email security protection. The company also implemented KACE Systems Management appliances to streamline software inventory, distribution and patching while safeguarding critical endpoints from potential security risks. "We can get more planes in the air faster and meet more customs cutoff times for freight clearance with our new Dell infrastructure,” said Jennifer Torlone, senior director, Technology and Information Services, Amerijet Holdings, Inc. “Not only have we built a virtual foundation for growth, we have added state-of-the-art network and endpoint security to protect vital systems. During a recent security audit, we proved how well KACE and SonicWALL work together when in five minutes we were able to identify a potential security issue and address it immediately.” Cresa Relies on Dell KACE and Dell SonicWALL for Greater Visibility and Control Cresa, an international commercial real estate firm, has 58 offices in North America and another 200 locations worldwide, with 800 employees focused solely on representing tenants. With government clients and others in regulated industries, Cresa requires the highest level of security and data protection. To improve visibility into its desktop environment, including approximately 1,000 critical endpoints, Cresa relies on Dell KACE Systems Management Appliances to automate device discovery and inventory, patch management and software distribution. The company also takes advantage of the reliability, scalability and manageability of Dell SonicWALL firewalls to protect its dispersed office networks. “With Dell’s endpoint and network security, we have excellent visibility and complete control over our environment,” said Gene Glekel, national director of IT for Cresa. “We can kick off a software deployment with the KACE appliance and be certain that it’s going to touch every single machine, so we can ensure security for our clients’ data.” Church of the Highlands Counts on End-to-End Dell Infrastructure and Connected Security Church of the Highlands, a “mega church” in Alabama, broadcasts live sermons to more than 26,000 people across eight physical campuses and thousands of online viewers. To film and stream the live sermons, the organization relies on Dell for powerful data center, storage and networking capabilities along with leading-edge endpoint and network security. To reduce vulnerabilities anywhere in its network, Church of the Highlands uses Dell SonicWALL next-generation firewalls to protect in excess of 4,000 connections to its WiFi network and another thousand connections at each campus on Sundays. Additionally, the church has bolstered visibility into desktops, other network devices and installed software using the Dell KACE Systems Management appliances. Software asset management has been improved for elevated software license compliance. “We can count on Dell SonicWALL to stop every kind of attack on our network from viruses and hacking to denial-of-service attacks,” said Shane Hamlin, IT Manager, Church of the Highlands. “With Dell KACE, we can see what software is running on every device, providing accurate information about which machines have been patched ensures that all systems are up-to-date and secure.” Dell Connected Security Dell’s Connected Security vision and portfolio of solutions give customers the power to solve their biggest security and compliance challenges today from device to datacenter to cloud in a connected and contextual way. With this set of powerful and Connected Security solutions, Dell’s customers can mitigate risks, and, as a result, accelerate their results. Dell KACE Delivers Comprehensive Endpoint Systems Management The award-wining Dell KACE systems management appliances provide comprehensive, easy-to-use and affordable solutions for securing and maintaining critical IT assets. Dell ESM delivers endpoint systems management capabilities in an appliance-based architecture that simplifies deployment and ensures fast time to value. Dell KACE also provides world-class systems management capabilities as part of Dell’s Enterprise Mobility Management solution. For more information, visit www.dell.com/kace. About Dell Dell Inc. listens to customers and delivers innovative technology and services that give them the power to do more. For more information, visit www.dell.com. Tweet This @Dell's Fortified Endpoint and #Network #Security Solutions Help Customers Elevate 'Perimeter' Protection http://dell.to/1oCghJx Dell is a trademark of Dell Inc. Dell disclaims any proprietary interest in the marks and names of others.  
