Dell OEM Solutions and Emerson Usher in New Era of Automation for Oil and Gas, Chemical and Other Industrie Print Check out this page on Dell.com! Email RSS Feed Date : 29/04/2014 Round Rock, Texas   Emerson Innovation Center runs on Dell OEM Solutions to automate process systems and solutions Dell OEM Solutions customize servers, storage, workstations and thin clients for Emerson to power their DeltaV system Dell powers Emerson solutions in the oil and gas, chemical, power, refinery, and life sciences industries     Dell OEM Solutions today announced a global collaboration with Emerson Process Management, a business of Emerson, to deliver solutions to help a multitude of organizations around the world improve productivity by increasing output, cutting production costs, reducing energy use, and improving safety and emissions. Through the relationship with Dell, Emerson helps customers automate production, processing, and distribution of oil and gas, electricity, medicine, clean drinking water, and more. Emerson chose Dell as a key partner to deploy its process control solution, the Emerson DeltaV™ Digital Automation System, which allows customers to expedite developing, manufacturing and delivering innovative products and services. Dell OEM Solutions customized Dell PowerEdge servers, Dell PowerVault storage arrays, Dell PowerEdge VRTX Simplified Infrastructure Platform, Dell Precision workstations and Dell Wyse thin clients to power key elements of the DeltaV system. Emerson also relies on Dell’s OEM-Ready platforms and its Dell OEM XL Program to further increase DeltaV’s availability, stability and flexibility. When the Emerson Innovation Center in Round Rock, Texas officially opened in January 2014, it became the third Emerson center of its kind worldwide. The mission of the 282,000-square-foot, $70 million facility is to enable customers to improve the safety, reliability and profitability of their operations. Emerson piloted a new approach to remote management of operations, including unmanned, offshore oil and gas platforms, and now Emerson’s state-of-art center helps customers visualize and manage operations powered by Dell solutions and other technologies. The Emerson DeltaV Digital Automation System – powered by Dell technology – enables organizations around the globe, including: Natural gas company delivers electricity to the largest island in the Philippines: The Malampaya Deepwater Gas Project is leading the industry in the use of an offshore, remotely monitored gas processing platform. Now Emerson monitors 1,500 remote field devices to identify potential issues before they disrupt gas supplies, resulting in 99.98 percent facility uptime since 2001. Major Canadian city produces 500 million liters of water daily: The system is used to monitor input from 3,100 sensors at a water treatment plant and deliver clean water to its residents at a cost of less than one Canadian penny per liter. Life sciences company produces a new antibody: A life sciences company needed to design and build out a complex manufacturing process to produce monoclonal antibodies for advance disease research. The company successfully launched production in just three years and stayed on budget. Large industrial chemicals manufacturer improves energy use: An industrial chemicals multinational wanted to revamp controls on product recovery operations. After project completion and installation of advanced controls, the company achieved 18 percent reduction in energy costs relative to past operations with no adverse impact to operations.   “We give our global customers more choice by working with Dell because the hardware and software that support DeltaV have longer lifecycles, so that customers can increase control over their environments,” said Jim Nyquist, president of Emerson Process Management’s Systems and Solutions business. “Dell understands the specialized needs of our marketplace and meets our requirements for extremely high availability.” “We are proud to partner with Emerson to deliver an industry-leading process control solution,” said Joyce Mullen, vice president and general manager OEM Solutions, Dell. “The teamwork between Emerson and Dell engineers is having a positive impact on our world by enabling so many critical industries to deliver more for their customers.” Dell OEM Solutions has helped more than 2,000 global customers in 40 vertical markets accelerate their time to market with customizable tier one OEM technologies. Demand for Dell OEM solutions has surged due to growing need for intelligent systems that meet standardization, compliance, management and security requirements. About Dell Dell Inc. listens to customers and delivers innovative technology and services that give them the power to do more. For more information, visit www.dell.com. Dell OEM Solutions helps its customers find more balance between execution and innovation with dedicated OEM resources, industry-standard hardware and global services and support capabilities. Dell helps its OEM customers improve their time to revenue and run their operations more efficiently for increased competitive edge. Learn more at www.dell.com/oem and read the case study here. About Emerson Process Management Emerson Process Management (www.EmersonProcess.com), an Emerson business, is a leader in helping businesses automate their production, processing and distribution in the chemical, oil and gas, refining, pulp and paper, power, water and wastewater treatment, mining and metals, food and beverage, life sciences and other industries. The company combines superior products and technology with industry-specific engineering, consulting, project management and maintenance services. Its brands include PlantWeb™, Syncade™, DeltaV™, Fisher®, Bettis™, Micro Motion®, Rosemount®, Daniel™, Ovation™ and AMS Suite. Tweet This: .@DellOEM and @Emerson_News help oil and gas, chemical and other industries improve safety, reliability & profitability of operations #Dell Dell is a trademark of Dell Inc. Dell disclaims any proprietary interest in the marks and names of others.
