New Dell KACE K1000 Endpoint Systems Management Appliance Helps Customers Securely Manage the 'Internet of Things' Print Check out this page on Dell.com! Email RSS Feed Date : 13/05/2014 Bracknell, United Kingdom New agentless technology provides greater visibility across corporate networks and speeds discovery of all connected devices Expanded multi-OS support eases management of Microsoft Windows, Mac OSX, Linux, and UNIX environments Enhanced threat assessment and automated app blacklisting decreases security risks New user interface simplifies IT management, accelerates task execution and reduces training Dell today announced the latest release of its award-winning Dell KACE K1000 Systems Management Appliance, which is designed to help customers better prepare and secure their IT environments from the deluge of devices, sensors and objects driven by the “Internet of Things.” Dell KACE K1000 version 6.0 enables organisations to boost their Internet of Things (IoT) readiness with new features that provide greater visibility across a company’s entire IT infrastructure, and lay the foundation for improved endpoint security. According to IDC, the installed base of the IoT will be approximately 212 billion “things” by 2020. This year alone, IDC expects shipments of smart-connected devices (e.g., PCs, tablets and smartphones) to surpass 1.7 billion units worldwide.[1] As more endpoints and devices enter the workplace, IT must grapple with increased interdependencies that create a wide range of management complexities and challenges. Earlier this year, Dell Software sponsored a Dimensional Research survey of nearly 700 IT professionals worldwide to assess the array of things connected to corporate networks, and understand the current state of endpoint security.[2] Key findings include: 48 percent of those polled reported having non-traditional endpoints on their networks, while 63 percent expected new types to be connected over the next three years; 58 percent of the survey participants predicted they’ll need to manage more than twice as many endpoints in a decade; 93 percent of respondents had concerns about supporting new types of devices or objects; Security, visibility and internal expertise for managing new devices topped a list of IoT concerns; 35 percent were sure that unknown devices or applications already were connected to their networks; and, 39 percent of those surveyed weren’t confident that their existing tools could scale sufficiently to handle the growth in the types of platforms they would be expected to manage. Securing the Internet of Things with Dell KACE K1000 v6.0 The latest release of the Dell KACE K1000 unifies IT asset discovery, inventory, management and reporting for all endpoint systems and devices through an integrated web-based console. With Dell KACE, organisations can rely on comprehensive systems management that scales seamlessly to keep pace with the proliferation of devices and OS platforms. Greater visibility across the entire infrastructure enables IT to improve security without adding undue management complexity or requiring the purchase of disparate tools or point solutions. New Dell KACE K1000 features include: Agentless technology extends agent-based management to now track all connected devices, spanning printers, power, storage and network switches, routers, firewalls, and more without having to install software directly on those devices Broader cross-platform inventory support provides management of a multitude of new Mac OSX, Linux and UNIX systems Automated software blacklisting helps customers prevent the execution of known malware, harmful freeware and undesirable programs known to contain security threats or vulnerabilities A new user interface further simplifies IT management with customizable views, search and usage functionality, as well as tailored dashboards and home views designed to reduce training, speed task execution and increase overall administrative efficiency. Another way Dell KACE eases systems management is with the latest version of its free Dell KACE K1000 GO app, which provides IT with “on the go” access to the K1000 from iOS or Android devices. KACE K1000 GO app v2.0 enables end users to submit service desk tickets, as well as check status and access helpful information from a knowledge base—all from their mobile devices. Supporting Quotes David Kloba, general manager, Endpoint Systems Management, Dell Software “IT departments are on the frontlines of the IoT assault, especially when it comes to configuring, managing, updating and securing all the devices that need to communicate and interact. The new Dell KACE K1000 enables companies to be better prepared for IoT by giving them greater visibility across their entire IT infrastructure, while delivering enhanced functionality to help reduce security risks, ensure endpoint integrity and ease ever-evolving systems management demands.” Robert Young, research manager, Enterprise Systems Management Software, IDC “As the number of Internet-connected computing devices that interact with back-end corporate IT infrastructures continues to grow, IT organisations should increasingly seek device-agnostic unified management solutions that encompass IT asset discovery, control, configuration and monitoring capabilities across a wide range of hardware and software platforms.” Lee Frith, field IT group manager, Southeast Alabama Medical Center “Dell KACE plays an important role in our 24/7 hospital environment, especially when it comes to discovering all devices being used by physicians and nurses while ensuring that all software is updated, including our McKesson Paragon hospital information system and electronic health records. With KACE’s new agentless technology, we’ll be able to track and assess the wellbeing of everything from vital servers and systems to radiology stations. Moreover, app blacklisting should help us block browsers that aren’t compatible with specific healthcare software.” Paul Neyman, president, Waypoint Business Solutions “As a Dell Premier partner and member of the Dell GeoPartner program, we’re focused on taking advantage of solutions that enable us to optimise our clients’ IT infrastructure. With the latest version of the Dell KACE K1000, we’ll be able to see and do more when it comes to assessing, deploying and managing mission-critical systems. For many of our customers in the oil and gas industry, this will translate into improved security through better visibility of technical assets on drilling rigs and platforms, field offices, and wells that touch the network.” Pricing and Availability Dell KACE K1000 v6.0 is available as a physical, virtual or hosted appliance. Dell KACE K1000 pricing is $8,900 for the physical or virtual appliance and 100 managed computers. The K1000 as a Service is available for $6.50 per managed computer per month. The Dell KACE GO app is available as a no-charge download from the Google Play Store or Apple App Store. Existing Dell KACE K1000 customers can upgrade to the latest version at no additional cost. The Dell KACE K1000 is sold direct by Dell and through an extensive network of Dell certified channel partners. About the Survey In January 2014, a global database of IT professionals was emailed an invitation to participate in an online survey on the topic of management and security for networked devices. A total of 684 individuals completed the survey. Participants included a variety of stakeholders, including IT executives, managers, front-line IT professionals, and others representing companies of varying sizes and across different industry verticals. Dell KACE Delivers Comprehensive Endpoint Systems Management The award-wining Dell KACE systems management appliances provide comprehensive, easy-to-use and affordable solutions for securing and maintaining critical IT assets. Only Dell ESM delivers endpoint systems management capabilities in an appliance-based architecture that simplifies deployment and ensures fast time to value. Dell KACE also provides best-of-class systems management capabilities as part of Dell’s Enterprise Mobility Management solution. For more information, visit www.dell.com/kace. About Dell Dell Inc. listens to customers and delivers innovative technology and services that give them the power to do more. For more information, visit www.dell.com. Dell is a trademark of Dell Inc. Dell disclaims any proprietary interest in the marks and names of others. [1] IDC, “Rethinking IT Asset Management in the Age of the Internet of Things,” Robert Young, March 2014 [2] Dimensional Research, “The Internet of Things: A Survey of IT Professionals,” March 2014
