Dell SecureWorks Expands Vulnerability Monitoring and Prioritization Services for a Variety of Scanners Print Check out this page on Dell.com! Email RSS Feed Date : 23/04/2014 Atlanta, Georgia Dell SecureWorks, an industry leader in information security services, is offering a new Vulnerability Monitoring and Prioritization service to reduce risks in network environments. Organizations conducting vulnerability and environmental assessments can see the output of those scans on the Dell SecureWorks Counter Threat Platform Portal. These results are correlated against active Internet breaches. Collaborating with Risk I/O, the first vulnerability threat-management platform, Dell SecureWorks will add support for more than 20 connectors for a wide variety of vulnerability scanners and assessment tools for network systems, software and applications. Dell SecureWorks will give its MSSP clients the ability to import and match vulnerability scan results within the Counter Threat Platform Portal. Vulnerabilities found can be used for subsequent escalation or de-escalation of security events. Risk I/O sources real-time attack and exploit data from a growing list of external threat feeds. It matches those known risks against an organization’s own vulnerability scans to gauge the likelihood of a security breach. The service provides the following benefits: Threat Processing – 24/7 matching of client vulnerabilities against live attack data. Risk Meters Dashboards – Indicate the likelihood of a breach and relative priority for remediating threats across an organization. Configurable by business units, operating systems, applications and locations. Remediation Lists – Discover the remediations needed to reduce risk. Manage and track prioritized remediations in order to quickly reduce an environment’s exposure to active Internet threats. Faceted Search – Customized asset tagging and grouping to search quickly through the stacks of information generated by scanners. Asset Prioritization –Decide how critical the asset is to an infrastructure and how quickly to seek remediation.     Quotes “Getting ahead of security breaches before they happen can be a daunting task for any business. It’s not uncommon for security teams to spend too much time and resources on remediating the wrong issues. Dell SecureWorks can now give customers unprecedented insight into where, when and how their company is most likely to experience a breach so they know where to best spend their time and resources.” —Ed Bellis, Risk I/O Co-founder “We chose to partner with Risk I/O because of the broad market visibility they deliver. Being able to integrate asset and vulnerability data from any scanner on the market into our correlation logic makes us a better service provider and a better trusted partner to our clients.” –Mark Wood, Director of Product Management, Dell SecureWorks About Risk I/O: Risk I/O is a vulnerability threat management platform that processes external Internet breach and exploit data with an organization's vulnerability scan data to monitor, measure and prioritize vulnerability remediation across their IT environment. As a result, organizations know their likelihood of experiencing a breach and what vulnerabilities pose the greatest risk. Risk I/O processes over a billion vulnerabilities a month against Internet breach data for its users. Backed by US Venture Partners, Tugboat Ventures, Costanoa Venture Capital, and Hyde Park Angels, Risk I/O is headquartered in Chicago, Ill. More information about Risk I/O can be found at https://www.risk.io. About Dell SecureWorks: Dell Inc. listens to clients and delivers innovative technology and services that give them the power to do more. Recognized as an industry leader by top analysts, Dell SecureWorks provides world-class information security services to help organizations of all sizes protect their IT assets, comply with regulations and reduce security costs. For more information, visit www.secureworks.com. Dell is a trademark of Dell Inc. Dell disclaims any proprietary interest in the marks and names of others.
