Dell Services Redefines IT Innovation for Healthcare Industry Print Check out this page on Dell.com! Email RSS Feed Date : 18/06/2014 Plano, Texas Dell ranked #1 IT Services provider in the Healthcare Providers category for the fourth straight year Dell continues to invest heavily in the Healthcare and Life Sciences vertical Dell Services today announced it was ranked by Gartner as #1 Worldwide IT Services provider in Healthcare Providers based on 2013 revenue.[1] This is the fourth straight year Dell has received the ranking. In addition, Dell is making significant investments in the healthcare industry, including the launch of cloud-based healthcare solutions and predictive analytics for customers. So far this year, Dell has added significant new contracts from new and existing healthcare customers, providing services including patient analytics, enterprise master patient index and ambulatory support. Additionally, Dell has expanded legacy application support services for a major healthcare enterprise and signed a multi-million dollar contract with a new healthcare customer to provide service management, end user computing and database management services. “Dell sees global disruptions in the way healthcare is delivered and continues to accelerate its big bet investments in this sector to address these rapid changes,” said Sid Nair, Dell Services vice president and global general manager, Healthcare & Life Sciences. “Across Dell’s Healthcare and Life Sciences business we are investing in research, education programs, new partnership collaborations, and additional human capital. We are actively enhancing development, implementation and adoption of novel technologies, services, and applications that will revolutionize information-driven care, resulting in improved patient outcomes and overall cost savings across healthcare systems worldwide.” Dedicated Solutions for a Changing Market Healthcare provider and health plan communities are looking to reduce churn by implementing new models of data management, accessing the cloud and answering the needs of new customers by incorporating applications and revamping their business models. With that, Dell is constantly innovating for the future: Encouraging Customer Innovation - Dell is successfully supporting healthcare customers as they react to new regulations and work to improve the patient experience. The way patients engage with healthcare providers and health plans has changed. Dell has created one-of-a-kind programs and brought to light new ways to help reach customer groups in unique areas of healthcare, including healthcare exchange technology and data analytics. Dell is also focused on encouraging innovation in the industry. For example, in conjunction with Intel, Dell launched the healthcare-focused Tech Innovation Day Series: Healthcare Pitch Days to inspire innovation and entrepreneurship in healthcare. The company also recently hosted a dynamic Think Tank on the topics of technology and transformation in health. Cloud Adoption - According to Gartner’s 2014 CIO Agenda,[2] “ Healthcare providers use the cloud for a broad, balanced portfolio of uses, including investments in SaaS, infrastructure as a service (IaaS) and platform as a service (PaaS), with a small but representative amount of investment in business process as a service (BPaaS).” Dell recently unveiled a cloud-based solution that seamlessly and cost effectively delivers integrated clinical and financial systems for healthcare providers and currently hosts more than 13 petabytes of cloud data storage on behalf of hospitals and clinicians on the Dell Secure Healthcare Cloud. Data Implosion – IDC's Big Data Predictions 2014[3] predicted that the market for big data will reach $16.1 billion, growing six times faster than the overall IT market. Under healthcare reform, collaborative care models and healthcare information exchanges are being developed and implemented to enable the transfer of patient information. Dell is helping healthcare customers take a data-driven approach to improving their businesses efficiency, and recently introduced predictive analytics solutions to help support outcomes-driven care delivery. Educating Current and Future Providers – Dell has teamed up with Texas A&M Health Science Center to create a health technology academy to provide customized information technology education to the ever-evolving health professions workforce. As a leader in the healthcare IT space for more than 20 years, Dell is continuously chosen by top customers to understand and identify the right solutions that help improve care, drive overall efficiency and manage financial risks. Dell offers end-to-end solutions for health plans and providers, including hardware, software, application implementation and support, systems integration, hosting, consulting, business process services, and services for Health Insurance Exchanges, Electronic Health Records, Revenue Cycle Management, and Policy Administration. About Dell Dell Inc. listens to customers and delivers innovative technology and services that give them the power to do more. As one of the leading providers of end-to-end IT solutions for healthcare worldwide, Dell helps healthcare organizations to simplify administration; coordinate and manage patient care; transition from episodic care to prevention and wellness management; and ultimately to deliver personalized medicine. Learn more atwww.dell.com/healthcare or follow @DellHealth on Twitter. Dell is a trademark of Dell Inc. Dell disclaims any proprietary interest in the marks and names of others. [1] Gartner, Inc., Market Share: IT Services, 2013, Kathryn Hale et al, March 31, 2014 [2] Gartner, Inc., 2014 CIO Agenda: A Healthcare Provider Perspective, Zafar Chaudry, M.D., Steve High, March 20, 2014 [3] IDC "Big Data Predictions 2014: Beyond Irrational Exuberance - Opportunities in the Big Data and Analytics Markets" Doc #WC20131211 Dec 2013
