Dell SecureWorks Named Double-Winner at the Midsize Enterprise Summit East 2014 XCellence Awards Print Check out this page on Dell.com! Email RSS Feed Date : 06/05/2014 Atlanta, Georgia Dell SecureWorks, an industry leader in information security services, has won two awards at the Midsize Enterprise Summit (MES) East 2014 XCellence Awards. Dell SecureWorks won Best Midmarket Solution-Managed Services for solving real business technology needs in a market where it is much needed. It also won Best of Show-Event for standing out for its technology and presentation. Hosted by XChange Events, the MES XCellence Awards measure IT executive attendees’ perceptions of vendor products, services and presentations during the event . By winning the prestigious XCellence Awards for the third consecutive year, Dell SecureWorks continues to demonstrate its commitment to understanding the unique needs of the midsize enterprise IT market. “MES East attracts midmarket CIOs who are serious about creating and maintaining well-architected and secure networks,” said Jeff Multz, director, Dell North America Midmarket Sales. “I learn as much from their attendees as they do from me when I present there, as their input helps drive our services innovation.” The latest Dell SecureWorks services created to satisfy customer needs are a new Vulnerability Monitoring and Prioritization service to reduce risks in network environments, and a managed Advanced Endpoint Threat Detection (AETD) service, which continuously scans endpoint devices (laptops, desktops and servers) for signs of threat activity and provides recommendations for remediating a compromise, often without having to wipe or re-image the device. The MES XCellence awards were presented at the Midsize Enterprise Summit East, held April 27-29 at the Disney Swan & Dolphin in Orlando, Fla. The event connected more than 200 CIOs and IT leaders with technology vendors and solution providers to build long-term partnerships that will support and advance IT in the midmarket. IT executives attending MES East discovered new business and technology tactics and strategies that help deliver business value. “Our annual MES East XCellence awards recognize those IT technology providers that understand the challenges and opportunities facing today’s midmarket IT leaders and their organizations – and offer innovative, business-driven solutions,” said Lisa MacKenzie, senior vice president of XChange Events. “We congratulate this year’s winners and look forward to their continued success.” To view awards highlights, visit http://www.xchange-events.com/mese14/awards. About Dell SecureWorks: Dell Inc. listens to clients and delivers innovative technology and services that give them the power to do more. Recognized as an industry leader by top analysts, Dell SecureWorks provides world-class information security services to help organizations of all sizes protect their IT assets comply with regulations and reduce security costs. For more information, visit www.secureworks.com. XChange Events Part of The Channel Company family, XChange Events connect technology builders, sellers and buyers through a diverse number of live and virtual events, designed to help attendees share best practices, network with peers and gain exclusive market intelligence from industry editors and analysts. Organized into three categories, XChange Events offers channel events, IT executive events and on demand virtual events to address every aspect of today’s evolving IT market. For more information, please visit: http://www.xchange-events.com/
