Dell and Informatica Team to Offer Customers Increased Data Capabilities in Healthcare and Financial Services Industries Print Check out this page on Dell.com! Email RSS Feed Date : 04/06/2014 Plano, Texas Dell Services expands relationship with Informatica in areas of Business Intelligence and Information Lifecycle Management Dell joins the Informatica Global System Integrators Alliance Program Dell Services and Informatica Corporation (Nasdaq:INFA) today announced a relationship to provide technology and business solutions to help customers take advantage of Information Lifecycle Management (ILM), Master Data Management (MDM) and Big Data. Dell and Informatica will leverage each other’s capabilities to deliver a combination of technology and business expertise to help customers in healthcare and financial services achieve and maintain consistent, accurate, shared data across critical domains. As a part of the agreement, Dell will enter Informatica’s Global System Integrators Alliance Program. This program is a globally recognized group of select consulting companies that provide joint investment, deep and proven delivery capabilities, and executive commitment to the Informatica product line, including the Informatica Intelligent Data Platform, on a worldwide scale. This is the next step in the continued collaboration between the two companies over the past few years, and Dell has significant experience in delivering solutions on the Informatica product suite, ranging from ILM, Enterprise Data Integration, Data Quality, MDM and Big Data. The relationship with Informatica is an extension of the Dell Services Business Innovation portfolio, which includes a full suite of social media, business intelligence, and analytics, mobility and cloud application services. Dell continues to strengthen capabilities in these areas to deliver digital transformation to customers, including users of Dell’s own technology. The alliance complements Dell’s existing Information Management solutions such as the recently announced acquisition of StatSoft, a leading provider of advanced analytics solutions that deliver a wide range of data mining, predictive analytics and data visualization capabilities. According to recently Dell commissioned research[i] of midmarket executives, 89 percent of respondents with a big data initiative in progress report significant improvements in company decision-making. Eighty percent of survey respondents agree that they need to better analyze their rapidly expanding data collections. Among their top goals: improve product quality, seize business opportunities and speed decision-making. Quotes “At Dell Services, we’re focused on our customers’ future and how IT can help them get to where they need to go to achieve their business goals, as well as actively listening to understand our customers’ needs and business environment,” said Suresh Vaswani, president of Services, Dell. “It’s with this in mind that we continue to expand our business intelligence offerings, and this partnership with Informatica is an important part of that effort.” “Big Data and analytics today are occupying a prominent place on our customers’ business agenda,” said Raman Sapra, global head, Business Innovation Services, Dell. “This relationship with Informatica is one more step that allows us to address operational as well as future business intelligence and analytics requirements for our customers as part of our Business Innovation portfolio of offerings.” “The common vision that Dell and Informatica share in the vertical markets will benefit our joint customers as we deliver the promise of Big Data,” said Brad Kern, senior vice president, Worldwide Alliances, Informatica. “Having Dell join our Global System Integrators Alliance is a great addition to the program. This collaboration will help uncover the many synergistic opportunities that exist between the two companies and ultimately benefit customers by helping them gain a competitive advantage in today's global information economy.” About Dell Dell Inc. listens to customers and delivers innovative technology and services that give them the power to do more. Dell Services develops and delivers a comprehensive suite of services and solutions in applications, business process, consulting, infrastructure and support to help customers succeed. For more information, visit www.dell.com. Dell is a trademark of Dell Inc. Dell disclaims any proprietary interest in the marks and names of others. Note: Informatica, PowerCenter, Intelligent Data Platform, Informatica MDM, Informatica Information Lifecycle Management, Informatica Vibe and the Informatica Platform are trademarks or registered trademarks of Informatica Corporation in the United States and in jurisdictions throughout the world. All other company and product names may be trade names or trademarks of their respective owners. [i] Competitive Edge Research Reports, “Roadblocks Crumbling: Midmarket Companies See Early Success with Big Data,” April 2014  
