Dell Services Expands Enterprise Mobility Offerings with New Partners Print Check out this page on Dell.com! Email RSS Feed Date : 08/05/2014 Plano, Texas Apperian and Kony extend Dell’s Business Innovation Services portfolio to offer new options for enterprise application development and mobile application management Dell Services today announced it is giving customers enhanced solutions and strategic support for their enterprise mobility strategies through two new partnerships. Partnerships with Apperian, Inc., the leading platform for securing and managing enterprise mobile apps, and Kony, Inc., the fastest growing cloud-based mobile application development platform (MADP) in the industry will help Dell customers through the development, deployment and management of their enterprise mobility applications. These partner capabilities will complement the innovative and award winning Enterprise Mobility Management (EMM) offerings Dell has introduced into the marketplace. “Mobility is extremely strategic and critical to our customers who are looking to enhance their business outcomes. By pairing up with these companies we will be able to offer our customers more choice and further help them create and manage applications that adhere to the policy and process requirements of their organizations, yet answer the unique demands of the mobile worker,” said Raman Sapra, global head - Business Innovation Services, Dell. The Apperian and Kony offerings are now available through Dell’s Business Innovation Services portfolio, which provides digital solutions to customers in the form of Mobility, Social Media, Cloud and Analytics. Dell selected Apperian to complement its mobile application development portfolio to enable seamless mobile application management. Apperian’s platform allows enterprises to secure, deploy and manage mobile applications through an easy-to-use console, enabling employees to easily access mobile applications through enterprise branded “app stores,” whether on their corporate owned or personal device (BYOD). These capabilities make it easy for Dell Services to introduce mobile apps leveraging Apperian’s intuitive user experience, ensuring the highest level of user adoption and return on investment. “We have seen first-hand how mobility drives better performance – reacting more quickly, collaborating seamlessly and getting more work done in more places. However, how these companies decide to embrace mobility can be the difference between growth and falling behind more agile competitors. Providing the necessary tools to solve challenges from the endpoint to the backend infrastructure is key to Dell’s strategy of helping our customers achieve long-term business growth and transformation,” said Suresh Vaswani, president of Services, Dell. “We’re excited to partner with Dell to help them provide the most comprehensive IT services and business portfolio on the planet,” said Cimarron Buser, senior vice president, Business Development at Apperian. “They recognize that Apperian is a trusted collaborator for transformative mobile apps in the workplace and we can help them build value and further strengthen relationships with their large enterprise customers.” Dell will work with Kony to deliver world-class mobile applications based on the Kony Experience Platform: an end-to-end, integrated, cloud-based platform to support an application software development lifecycle (SDLC) that empowers enterprises to quickly define, design, build, test, deploy, and manage multi-channel app experiences. Kony enables enterprises to stay ahead of the pace of mobility and reduce app development costs with an open and standards-based platform with integrated design and development tools, cloud services and collaboration, and extensive library of APIs spanning UI/UX, device and utility features. With Kony, developers can build native, hybrid and web apps for phones, tablets and desktop with a single code base and rapidly deploy to the cloud. Dell will work with Kony to develop and deliver business-critical enterprise and consumer-facing applications that integrate seamlessly with customers’ backend systems and align consistently with app user experiences across any digital channel. “It is becoming increasingly important to empower enterprises with best-in-class solutions to better compete in today’s mobile economy. We are excited to work with Dell as it will help us deliver more applications with greater business value, providing enhanced flexibility for our customers and ultimately improving their bottom line,” said Robin Kearon, senior vice president, Channels & Alliances for Kony. About Dell Dell Inc. listens to customers and delivers innovative technology and services that give them the power to do more. Dell Services develops and delivers a comprehensive suite of services and solutions in applications, business process, consulting, infrastructure and support to help customers succeed. Dell is a trademark of Dell Inc. Dell disclaims any proprietary interest in the marks and names of others.  
