Dell Modernizes Canadian University of Dubai’s Networking Infrastructure, Strengthening Foundations for Future Technology Expansion Print Check out this page on Dell.com! Email RSS Feed Date : 04/06/2014 Dubai, United Arab Emrites Dell deployment replaces legacy Avaya networking solution, part of an outdated infrastructure inhibiting the university’s ability to meet rapid growth and adopt new technology Featuring high-performing, low-latency architecture, Dell has brought the latest and most effective networking technologies to the university at an affordable price Institution now has access to a faster, more stable network with the flexibility to scale to meet growing demands The Canadian University of Dubai (CUD), a leading academic institution in the Middle East, needed to completely refresh its network infrastructure in order to replace outdated technology and cope with the rapid expansion of its student base. Working with UAE-based partner Think Software Solutions, Dell helped design and implement a high-performing, low-latency architecture that was more cost-effective than competitors could provide. CUD’s existing Avaya-based infrastructure was five years old and while it was suitable at the time of deployment, the number of students attending the university has grown considerably in the subsequent period. This growth put huge pressure on the network infrastructure, particularly as it lacked the capability or capacity to upgrade. The university also wanted to modernize its network infrastructure by adopting technology that could meet its future plans, most notably the integration of Bring-Your-Own-Device and wireless technology. Additionally, CUD required the latest technology, such as virtualization, to help manage traffic across the network and handle the fast rate of data growth. Dell proposed a solution comprised of Dell Force10 high-performance 10/40 GbE switch, Core S series managed switches, 7000 series networking switches, OpenManage Network Manager and a wireless campus refresh. Dell is also providing ProSupport, giving the university peace of mind that it has access to remote and on-site support with parts and labour response guarantees. Additionally, the university is benefiting from Dell’s three-year ‘Next Business Day’ warranty and complete implementation services. Due to teachers and students requiring access to the network at all times, CUD had a short window for implementing the new solution. Think Software and Dell completed the project in less than six days, easily beating CUD’s deadline. Following the implementation, CUD now has access to a faster, more stable network with the flexibility to embrace technological advances in the future and cope with the continuing growth of the student body. Quotes: Christophe Savard, CIO of the Canadian University of Dubai (CUD) “As an institution that is driven by the pursuit of academic excellence, a proficient and reliable network infrastructure is essential for maintaining the standard of internet-based services our students and staff members expect. The previous architecture was an inhibitor to future IT growth, but with Dell’s solutions now in place there is a greater opportunity to be able to scale the network in future without compromising on performance or speed. The addition of the ProSupport service was also an important factor in our decision to deploy Dell products, as it guarantees us accelerated response time should we ever need it.” Deepak Verma, Managing Director of Think Software Solutions “Once the Canadian University of Dubai engaged with us, it became clear that a comprehensive upgrade of the network infrastructure was required. The university initially had a strong preference to move to an alternative high-end networking brand, but Dell demonstrated that it could offer the same solution at a higher performance in a more cost-effective package. The stability of the network is now assured and the university is well-positioned to embrace new internet and wireless technologies in the future.” Shabbir Ahmad, Regional Director, Dell Emerging Networking “The Canadian University of Dubai offers a wide spectrum of education choices for aspiring learners, and the integration of Dell’s latest technology network will assist with the institution’s mission to offer students the very best IT experience. We were delighted to enhance the university’s infrastructure and complete the project with minimal downtime and on budget, which was a key consideration for the organization when choosing to partner with Dell.” About DELL Dell Inc.  listens to customers and delivers innovative technology and services that give them the power to do more.  
