Dell Unveils Innovative and Powerful Desktop Virtualization Solutions Designed to Meet the Needs of Security-Conscious Organizations Print Check out this page on Dell.com! Email RSS Feed Date : 06/05/2014 Anaheim, California Dell Wyse 5000 series all-in-one thin client merges the efficient design of an all-in-one with the performance, manageability and security of a full-featured thin client Dell Wyse quad display 7000 series thin client delivers high-performance HD multimedia capability for up to four displays Next-generation designed-for-Citrix Xenith 3 xero client released New version of Dell Wyse Datacenter for Citrix XenDesktop, 7.5 and Citrix XenApp with Dell Foglight monitoring Dell cloud client-computing today at Citrix Synergy 2014 announced additions to its industry leading cloud client portfolio with the Dell Wyse 5000 series all-in-one thin client, the Dell Wyse quad display 7000 series thin client and the Dell Wyse Xenith 3 zero client for Citrix. Dell also announced a new version of its end-to-end VDI offering, Dell Wyse Datacenter for Citrix XenDesktop, which accelerates deployment time and improves manageability with the addition of Dell Foglight for infrastructure monitoring. “More than 200 million people interact with Dell Wyse solutions every day—from ATMs to kiosks to classrooms to hospitals. We continue to raise the bar for thin client manageability, security, performance and value, as well as lead the way with innovative form factors and OS support,” said Steve Lalla, vice president and general manager, cloud client computing, Dell. “When these new portfolio additions are combined with Dell’s leading data center infrastructure solutions for Citrix, customers from a broad range of industries can improve security, better protect their content, and sharply reduce ongoing costs – all while delivering the computing experiences their people demand.” Seamless Design, Ultimate Security The Dell Wyse 5000 series, a multi-protocol all-in-one thin client, fetures virus-immune Wyse ThinOS and offers a cutting-edge, seamless design that incorporates the best of Dell’s display technology with a fully-integrated, thin client hardware.   This all-in-one is perfect for organizations that want the security, manageability and versatility of a thin client in a package they will be proud to show off to employees and customers alike. Available with a keyboard and mouse, the Dell Wyse 5000 series fits into any high-style environment with is the perfect combination of brains, brawn and beauty. Big Performance, Tiny Footprint The latest addition to Dell’s desktop-class cloud computing portfolio is the new Dell Wyse 7000 series quad-display thin client. With a high performance quad-core processor, the quad-display 7490 easily powers through the most demanding workloads and packs all of the hardware necessary to enable accelerated graphics and multimedia in a compact package. Ideal for CAD engineers to securities traders, the quad-display 7490 delivers high-performance in a minimal package and an affordable price. End-to-End Citrix XenDesktop Support Dell end-to-end solution for Citrix encompasses the complete range of desktop virtualization components, from thin and zero clients to data center infrastructure, for a Citrix verified desktop-equivalent experience to empower an increasingly mobile workforce.  The Dell Wyse Xenith 3 zero client, the newest addition to the designed-for-Citrix Xenith line, the Dell Wyse Xenith 3 zero client enhances value by improving performance while keeping everything that customers already love about the Xenith 2. It is the first dual-core, System-on-Chip (SoC) Xenith zero client that features dual-band WiFi, and horsepower to drive two high-definition displays, allowing customers to speddily and efficiently power through multiple tasks and workloads. The Dell Wyse Xenith 3 is certified for a wide range of Citrix HDX environments that enable the ease-of-use, security and manageability that organizations know and trust. Also available is the new Dell Wyse Datacenter for Citrix XenDesktop 7.5, featuring a comprehensive reference architecture with configuration support for a range of applications. This includes the recently announced Dell Wyse Datacenter for Virtual Workstations, which extends high-end, 3D, graphics intensive applications to virtual desktops leveraging shared virtual GPUs an includes a first-in-the-industry ISV certification process enabled by the Dell Center of Excellence for Virtualized Workstations. Dell Foglight, a new option, increases manageability through monitoring of performance, health and user experience for Citrix XenDesktop, Citrix XenApp and Dell infrastructure. With unified management across XenApp and XenDesktop with Citrix Flexcast, this new solution makes management simpler while improving productivity with a rich and customizable new feature set. Supporting Quotes “Cloud client-computing and desktop virtualization solutions continue to attract a broader array of customers across a more varied set of industries, so it’s essential for vendors participating in this space to create a wide range of different products to meet all these various needs,” said Bob O’Donnell, founder and chief analyst TECHnalysis Research. “The new Dell Wyse end point products fit these diverse requirements, allowing companies who want virtual desktop solutions in everything from high-profile, design-critical locations like hotel lobbies, to high-performance, graphically intensive workload requirements like architecture or engineering firms, to find something that can fit their unique needs.”​ Pricing and Availability The Dell Wyse Xenith 3 starts at $329 USD and will be available mid-May. The Dell Wyse 5000 series all-in-one thin client starts at $599 USD and will be available mid-June. The Dell Wyse 7000 series quad-display thin client starts at $729 USD and will be available in mid-May. All products are available globally. About Dell Dell Inc. listens to customers and delivers innovative technology and services that give them the power to do more. For more information, visit www.dell.com.
