Dell Launches Founders Club 50, Identifies “50 Technology Start-Ups to Watch” Print Check out this page on Dell.com! Email RSS Feed Date : 15/05/2014 Round Rock, Texas Dell effort aims to accelerate start-up growth begins with the Spring 2014 class of the Founders Club 50 Founders Club 50 focuses on business growth through access to capital, technology, sales enablement, marketing, networking Start-up founders can apply now to be considered for the Founders Club 50 Fall 2014 cohort   The Dell Center for Entrepreneurs has announced its first-ever Founders Club 50, an exclusive group of emerging companies that have technology as a critical backbone and are poised for rapid growth. Dell has identified the group as the 50 startups and founders to watch in spring 2014 and is putting its power behind them to help them reach their objectives. Dell will provide the companies – all on the verge of becoming leaders in their industries – access to an exclusive marketing effort and associated resources designed to grow their businesses. A new Founders Club 50 class will be announced bi-annually, and Dell is currently accepting applications for the Fall 2014 class. Each participating company will take part in the Founders Club 50 for a two-year term, with programming designed to accelerate their growth, focusing on technology, sales enablement, networking, and capital. Member companies also will receive marketing support via inclusion in Dell’s social media, marketing materials and public relations efforts. “The Founders Club 50 is a great opportunity for these start-ups, all of whom are on the verge of reaching the next level of innovation,” said Ingrid Vanderveldt, Dell Entrepreneur in Residence. “The program creates a win-win; by serving as a trusted advisor to these companies at this crucial early stage, we hope they will continue to grow with Dell in the future. Dell has always seen the value in fostering innovation and entrepreneurship, and the Founders Club 50 is the natural next step in continuing to help high-growth start-ups expand their networks, find valuable resources and use technology to transform their businesses.” Founders Club 50 Selection Criteria The Founders Club 50 is a two-year program focused on key areas of growth for the member companies. These CEOs have already proven they know how to start and grow a business. Dell leverages some of the best practices and networks from today’s accelerators, VC firms, top startup organizations, and then backs them with the power of one of the world’s largest technology companies. A new class will be added in the spring and fall, each with 50 members. Companies are selected by a team of technology experts from the Dell Center for Entrepreneurs based on the following criteria: Technology is a critical component of the business (company may span across non-tech related industries). Innovative and disruptive in their respective industry. Not yet household names, but on the verge of making it big. Recipient of venture capital or high-level of angel funding (applies to majority of companies but not all). Poised for rapid growth, taking into consideration factors including: sales and revenue growth, expansion into new markets, expanded customer base, recent funding or access to increased capital, and talent acquisition/recent hiring patterns. When companies complete their two-year term, they become Founders Club Alumni, joining more than 115 other companies, including Ionic Security and SendGrid. Dell currently is accepting candidates for the fall 2014 class on the Dell Center for Entrepreneurs application page. Member Benefits Dell’s Center for Entrepreneurs team works with members of the Founders Club one-on-one to determine where it can best help, customizing the approach to each company’s needs. Target areas include: Technology – Access to consulting resources to plan and architect businesses’ growing technology needs to address scale. Capital – Access to efficient capital financing through the Dell Innovators Credit Fund for qualifying members. Marketing/Branding – Marketing support through promotion across Dell’s social media and online channels, including company profiles and Q&A’s on Dell.com/entrepreneur. Inclusion in public relations and marketing materials such as customer case studies, blog posts, press releases, Tech Page One and third-party articles also may be used to enhance member company visibility. Sales Enablement – Opening opportunities to explore new partnerships and channels that could support or grow a company’s revenue. Networking – Connecting companies with the investors, corporate partners, industry experts, peers and customers they need to meet.   Dell Founders Club 50 Spring 2014 Class The first class of the Dell Founders Club 50 includes companies from 17 states that are making an impact across various industries, including analytics, healthcare, enterprise solutions, entertainment, IT and mobile computing. While diverse in terms of offerings, all are seen as innovators within their industries and lean on technology as a critical enabler of their businesses. These are businesses that are on the verge of significant growth, collectively receiving hundreds of millions of dollars in funding and earning recent awards naming them as the best places to work, hottest startups and fastest growing companies in the United States. Select companies that have been named to the Dell Founders Club 50 will be profiled each week on Dell’s Center for Entrepreneurs, providing additional insight into these companies’ innovative ideas and solutions. Spring 2014 Founders Club 50 List: As some of the Founders Club 50 companies are currently operating in stealth mode, a few of the member companies have not been listed. Analytics/ Data Appistry (MO), Exasol (CA), Formation Data Systems (CA), FotoPunch (UT), MEMSQL (CA Computer Consulting Networks, Inc. (IA) Consumer Goods & Electronics Automattic Inc. (CA), MyGait (TX), Raise Marketplace (IL), Rich Relevance (CA), SkyCast (WA) Entertainment Open Labs (TX), Philo (MA), StreamNation (CA) Enterprise Services Anaplan (MA), Chassis Plans (CA), Eucalyptus Systems (CA), Extrahop Networks (WA), Ihiji (TX), Integrate (AZ), Nasuni (MA), Pacific Integrated (CA), Panzura (CA), PureStorage (CA), Scale computing (IN), Vadiza (IL), Zoom (CA) Healthcare Comedtech (DE), HealthSpot (OH), World Inter-Med (CA) Information Technology and Services LightBridge (MO), Multidine (CA), Neverware (NY) Marketing Resonate (VA), Rocketfuel (TN) Mobile Apsalar (CA), Belly (IL), Qless (CA) Network Solutions ForeScout (CA), Primary Data (UT) Security NSS Labs (CA), Defense.net (CA) Software Jive (CA), ScienceLogic (VA), Simple Relevance (IL), Task Retail (CA) Telecommunications CircleGX (TX), Steel Orca (NJ) About Dell Dell Inc. listens to customers and delivers innovative technology and services that give them the power to do more. As the visionary outcome of a true entrepreneur, Dell is committed to help power the success of entrepreneurs by developing technology solutions that help their businesses increase productivity and grow. For more information, visit the Dell Center for Entrepreneurs at www.dell.com/entrepreneur.
