Amulet Hotkey launches Battlefield Training and Simulation System with Dell OEM Solutions Print Check out this page on Dell.com! Email RSS Feed Date : 20/05/2014 Bracknell, United Kingdom Amulet Hotkey reduces heat, noise and power consumption of its PCoIP solution with efficient technology from Dell OEM Solutions Assured updates on the latest Intel processors and previews of new Dell products before they hit the market Customized bezel ensures brand recognition in current and emerging markets Amulet Hotkey®, a leading designer, manufacturer and integrator of technology solutions into financial services, defence and commercial sectors, has partnered with Dell OEM Solutions to provide a powerful, scalable, energy-efficient blade or rack mount server training and simulation solution customised to the specific needs of its Defence clients. Amulet Hotkey initially saw an opening in the market for a training and simulation solution for the Army and working with experts in the field and Dell OEM Solutions, created a powerful system to provide adaptable solutions for all Defence sectors. The heart of this system is the Amulet Hotkey CoreStation™ a customised and easily deployable Dell M-Series Blade or the Dell PowerEdgeTM R720 rack server. By working with Dell OEM Solutions, Amulet Hotkey has developed a flexible solution that will cope with scalable deployments. Antony Summerfield, director of the defence practice at Amulet Hotkey explains: “We wanted a server-based, space efficient and easily manageable system for the data centre which we could customise with PCoIP™ technology, high end graphics and bespoke software. Dell was the obvious choice as it already provides us with products that allow server-based technology to convert into high-powered workstations. Tens of thousands of these systems have been sold over the last seven years; it was therefore a natural step to leverage this platform to create graphic intensive servers for bespoke requirements such as simulation. Dell OEM Solution’s business relationship with Intel also ensures that we always have the latest Intel processors available as part of our offering.” Amulet’s PCoIP solution provides a consistent, high-quality user experience that delivers accurate real-time graphics to the desktop even when server usage is at optimum levels. Amulet’s Zero Clients remove the need for cumbersome PCs in the simulation rooms, reducing the main processor load by up to 50% and improving user experience and efficiency while delivering outstanding performance and security of data. In an environment where privacy and safety is paramount, Amulet Hotkey’s CoreStation™ delivers security from data centre to desk top. Through a Dell OEM customisation programme, Amulet Hotkey takes a standard Dell server platform and tailors it to suit customers’ specific requirements. This includes all of the Amulet Hotkey hardware, a customized bezel with the Amulet Hotkey logo, pre-installation of the operating system, VMware configuration and appropriate application software. Antony states “The ability to customize the solution with an Amulet Hotkey CoreStation™ branded bezel is particularly important for us as we have built up a significant reputation in mission critical high-end performance for the defence sector. It is critical that people associate that with the Amulet brand.” It is also imperative for Amulet to offer its customers the guarantee of a long product life cycle. With Dell OEM Solutions, Amulet customers can work without any deviation within the product itself for up to seven years and if they wish they can also benefit from Dell’s flexible Dell ProSupport™ options, which take away the pain of managing IT demands and complexities.  Amulet Hotkey also benefits from weekly engineering calls with the Dell OEM Solutions team which provide updates and de-briefs on the latest technology developments. They are also kept up to date by the Dell team with the latest products for testing before they hit the market. Quotes: “Through our partnership with Dell OEM Solutions we benefit from greener technology, lower operational costs and a scalable and high-powered go-to-market solution. All these features mean that I have greater confidence in our ability to meet the delivery and performance requirements of larger clients.” Keith Grundon, Technical Director of Amulet Hotkey. “Dell OEM Solutions offers companies the ability to take a standard Dell platform and turn it into a solution that is branded, customized and ready-to-go. For customers such as Amulet Hotkey, which is expanding into new markets and solutions, the partnership also provides global support, the latest product updates and a long product life cycle – vital benefits for staying ahead of the competition.” Dermot O’Connell, executive director and general manager, OEM Solutions at Dell. Additional Information: About Dell Dell Inc. (NASDAQ: DELL) listens to customers and delivers innovative technology and services that give them the power to do more. For more information, visit www.dell.com. Dell OEM Solutions helps its customers find more balance between execution and innovation with dedicated OEM resources, industry-standard hardware and global services and support capabilities. Dell helps its OEM customers improve their time to revenue and run their operations more efficiently for increased competitive edge. Learn more at www.dell.com/oem. Dell and PowerEdge are trademarks of Dell Inc. Dell disclaims any proprietary interest in the marks and names of others. 
