First Weekend iPhone Sales Top 10 Million, Set New Record CUPERTINO, California—September 22, 2014— Apple today announced it has sold over 10 million new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus models, a new record, just three days after the launch on September 19. iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are available in the US, Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, Puerto Rico, Singapore and the UK and will be available in more than 20 additional countries on September 26. The new iPhones will be available in 115 countries by the end of the year. “Sales for iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus exceeded our expectations for the launch weekend, and we couldn’t be happier,” said Tim Cook, Apple’s CEO. “We would like to thank all of our customers for making this our best launch ever, shattering all previous sell-through records by a large margin. While our team managed the manufacturing ramp better than ever before, we could have sold many more iPhones with greater supply and we are working hard to fill orders as quickly as possible.” iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are the biggest advancements in iPhone history, featuring two new models with stunning 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch Retina HD displays, and packed with innovative technologies in an all-new dramatically thin and seamless design that is still comfortable to hold and easy to use. Both models are better in every way and include: the Apple-designed A8 chip with second generation 64-bit desktop-class architecture for blazing fast performance and power efficiency; advanced iSight and FaceTime HD cameras; ultrafast wireless technologies; and Apple Pay, an easier way to simply and securely make payments with just the touch of a finger.* The new iPhones include iOS 8, the biggest release since the App Store, featuring a simpler, faster and more intuitive user experience with new Messages and Photos features, predictive typing for Apple’s QuickType keyboard and Family Sharing. iOS 8 also includes the new Health app, giving you a clear overview of your health and fitness data and iCloud Drive, so you can store files and access them from anywhere. Customers are encouraged to check the Apple Store app or online to receive updates on availability and estimated delivery dates. Every customer who buys an iPhone 6 or iPhone 6 Plus at an Apple retail store will be offered free Personal Setup service, helping them customise their iPhone by setting up email, showing them new apps from the App Store and more, so they’ll be up and running with their new iPhone before they leave the store. Customers can also learn more about iOS 8 and their new device through free workshops at all Apple retail stores worldwide. Pricing & Availability iPhone 6 comes in gold, silver or space grey, and will be available in the UK for a suggested retail price of £539 (£449.17 ex VAT) for the 16GB model, £619 (£515.83 ex VAT) for the 64GB model and, for the first time, a new 128GB model for £699 (£582.50 ex VAT). iPhone 6 Plus comes in gold, silver or space grey, and will be available in the UK for a suggested retail price of £619 (£515.83 ex VAT) for the 16GB model, £699 (£582.50 ex VAT) for the 64GB model and £789 (£657.50 ex VAT) for the new 128GB model. Both models are available for sale from the Apple Online Store, Apple’s retail stores, and through O2, Vodafone, EE, Three, GiffGaff, Virgin Media, TalkMobile and select Apple Authorised Resellers. iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are available in the UK, US, Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, Puerto Rico, and Singapore. iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will roll out worldwide to more than 20 additional countries on September 26, including Austria, Belgium, Denmark, Finland, Ireland, Isle of Man, Italy, Liechtenstein, Luxembourg, Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Portugal, Qatar, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Taiwan, Turkey and United Arab Emirates. iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will be available in 115 countries by the end of the year. * Apple Pay will be available to iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus customers in the US as a free update to iOS 8 this October. Apple designs Macs, the best personal computers in the world, along with OS X, iLife, iWork and professional software. Apple leads the digital music revolution with its iPods and iTunes online store. Apple has reinvented the mobile phone with its revolutionary iPhone and App Store, and is defining the future of mobile media and computing devices with iPad. Press Contact: Nikki Thompson Apple nikkithompson@apple.com 020 7184 1232 © 2014 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Apple, the Apple logo, Mac, Mac OS, Macintosh, iPhone, Retina, iSight, FaceTime, Apple Pay, App Store, QuickType, iCloud Drive and Apple Store are trademarks of Apple. Other company and product names may be trademarks of their respective owners. Apple Media Helpline 020 8278 1440 media.uk@apple.com
