iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Arrive in 36 More Countries and Territories This Month Apple’s Fastest-Ever iPhone Rollout Includes India, Mexico, South Korea & Thailand CUPERTINO, California—October 13, 2014—Apple today announced that iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, the biggest advancements in iPhone history, will arrive in 36 additional countries and territories across Europe, Asia, the Middle East, Latin America and Africa by the end of October. iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will be available in a total of 69 countries and territories by the end of the month and are on track to be available in more than 115 countries by the end of the year, making this the fastest iPhone rollout ever. iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus feature stunning 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch Retina HD displays and are packed with innovative technologies in an all-new dramatically thin and seamless design that is still comfortable to hold and easy to use. Both models are better in every way, and include: the Apple-designed A8 chip with second generation 64-bit desktop-class architecture for blazing fast performance and power efficiency; advanced iSight and FaceTime HD cameras; and ultrafast wireless technologies. The new iPhones come with iOS 8, the biggest release since the App Store, featuring a simpler, faster and more intuitive user experience with new Messages and Photos features, predictive typing for Apple’s QuickType keyboard and Family Sharing. iOS 8 also includes the new Health app, giving you a clear overview of your health and fitness data and iCloud Drive, so you can store your documents and access them from anywhere. Apple’s fastest-ever iPhone rollout continues on the following dates: Friday, October 17: China, India and Monaco Thursday, October 23: Israel Friday, October 24: Czech Republic, French West Indies, Greenland, Malta, Poland, Reunion Island and South Africa Thursday, October 30: Bahrain and Kuwait Friday, October 31: Albania, Bosnia, Croatia, Estonia, Greece, Guam, Hungary, Iceland, Kosovo, Latvia, Lithuania, Macau, Macedonia, Mexico, Moldova, Montenegro, Serbia, South Korea, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Ukraine and Thailand iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus come in gold, silver or space grey in 16GB, 64GB and a new 128GB models from the Apple Online Store where available, carriers and select Apple Authorised Resellers. Customers are encouraged to check online to receive updates on availability and estimated delivery dates.  iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are available in Australia, Austria, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Ireland, Isle of Man, Italy, Japan, Liechtenstein, Luxembourg, Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Portugal, Puerto Rico, Qatar, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Singapore, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Taiwan, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, the UK, the US and the US Virgin Islands. Apple designs Macs, the best personal computers in the world, along with OS X, iLife, iWork and professional software. Apple leads the digital music revolution with its iPods and iTunes online store. Apple has reinvented the mobile phone with its revolutionary iPhone and App Store, and is defining the future of mobile media and computing devices with iPad. Press Contact: Nikki Thompson Apple nikkithompson@apple.com 020 7184 1232   © 2014 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Apple, the Apple logo, Mac, Mac OS, Macintosh, iPhone, Retina, iSight, FaceTime, App Store, QuickType and iCloud Drive are trademarks of Apple. Other company and product names may be trademarks of their respective owners. Apple Media Helpline 020 8278 1440 media.uk@apple.com
