iPad Air & iPad mini with LTE Performance Available in China Today BEIJING―April 1, 2014―Apple today announced TD-LTE capable models of iPad Air and iPad mini with Retina display, bringing high-speed LTE performance* to iPad customers in China, are available starting today. The new iPad models give customers the ability to connect to today’s most advanced cellular data networks at blazingly fast speeds, so users can surf the web or download email and apps even faster. iPad Air and iPad mini with Retina display models supporting TD-LTE also accommodate the TD-SCDMA mobile standard, and join existing iPad Air and iPad mini with Retina display WLAN + Cellular models in support of Personal Hotspot connectivity and other advanced cellular technology (GSM/EDGE, DC-HSDPA, HSPA+) to provide customers in China fast cellular access in whichever iPad model they choose. iPad Air features a stunning 9.7-inch Retina display in a thin and light design. Precision-engineered to weigh just one pound with a narrow bezel, the borders of iPad Air make content even more immersive. iPad mini with Retina display brings all the pixels from the 9.7-inch iPad to its 7.9-inch screen, delivering razor sharp text and detail in a design that offers 35 percent more screen real estate than 7-inch tablets. iPad Air and iPad mini with Retina display feature the powerful and power-efficient Apple-designed A7 chip with 64-bit desktop-class architecture, ultrafast wireless with built-in WLAN, support for fast cellular networks around the world, an incredible 10 hours of battery life,** and iOS 7 featuring hundreds of great features and access to over 500,000 apps designed specifically for iPad. iPad Air with WLAN models are available in silver or space grey for a suggested retail price of 3,588 (RMB) for the 16GB model, 4,288 (RMB) for the 32GB model, 4,988 (RMB) for the 64GB model and 5,688 (RMB) for the 128GB model. iPad Air with WLAN + Cellular models supporting TD-LTE join existing iPad Air WLAN + Cellular models in China for a suggested retail price of 4,488 (RMB) for the 16GB model, 5,188 (RMB) for the 32GB model, 5,888 (RMB) for the 64GB model and 6,588 (RMB) for the 128GB model. iPad mini with Retina display WLAN models, in silver or space grey, are available for a suggested retail price of 2,888 (RMB) for the 16GB model, 3,588 (RMB) for the 32GB model, 4,288 (RMB) for the 64GB model and 4,988 (RMB) for the 128GB model. iPad mini with Retina display WLAN + Cellular models supporting TD-LTE join existing iPad mini with Retina display WLAN + Cellular models in China for a suggested retail price of 3,788 (RMB) for the 16GB model, 4,488 (RMB) for the 32GB model, 5,188 (RMB) for the 64GB model and 5,888 (RMB) for the 128GB model. Additionally, iPad with Retina display, the most affordable 9.7-inch iPad, is now offered in black or white for a suggested retail price of 2,888 (RMB) for the 16GB WLAN model and 3,788 (RMB) for the 16GB WLAN + Cellular model, and the original iPad mini in silver or space grey is offered at 2,098 (RMB) for the 16GB WLAN model and 2,988 (RMB) for the 16GB WLAN + Cellular model. In China, all iPad models are available through Apple retail stores, the Apple Online Store (www.apple.com/cn), and select Apple Authorised Resellers.  *Network speeds are dependent on carrier networks. Check with your carrier for details. **Battery life depends on device settings, usage and other factors. Actual results vary. Apple designs Macs, the best personal computers in the world, along with OS X, iLife, iWork and professional software. Apple leads the digital music revolution with its iPods and iTunes online store. Apple has reinvented the mobile phone with its revolutionary iPhone and App Store, and is defining the future of mobile media and computing devices with iPad. Press Contacts:  Carolyn Wu Apple carolyn_wu@apple.com +861 085255952 Trudy Muller Apple tmuller@apple.com +1 (408) 862-7426 © 2014 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Apple, the Apple logo, Mac, Mac OS, Macintosh, iPad Air, iPad mini, Retina and iPad are trademarks of Apple. Other company and product names may be trademarks of their respective owners. Download iPad Air images iPad Air Download (zip) iPad family Download (zip) Download iPad mini with Retina display images iPad mini with Retina display Download (zip) iPad mini with Retina display Download (zip) iPad family Download (zip) Apple Media Helpline 020 8278 1440 media.uk@apple.com Image Use Agreement Important Image Use Information By copying or making any use of the image below, you acknowledge that you have read and understand, and agree to, the Image Usage Agreement below that governs your use of the Image. If you do not agree to the Agreement’s terms, do not copy or use the Image in any way, unless you have written permission signed by Apple. Usage Agreement Subject to the terms of this Agreement, you may use the Image solely in whole for editorial use by press and/or industry analysts. This right to use is personal to you and is not transferable by you to another party. The Image cannot be used to promote or sell any product or technology (such as on advertising, brochures, book-covers, stock photos, t-shirts, or other promotional merchandise). You may not alter, or modify the Image, in whole or in part, for any reason. As between you and Apple, Apple is and shall remain the sole and exclusive owner of the Image. You will not delete, alter, or obfuscate any proprietary legends relating to the Image, and each use will be accompanied by the applicable proprietary attribution shown next to the Image. I have read, understood, and agree to the Image Usage Agreement Agree and Download Disagree with Terms
