Apple Announces Record Pre-orders for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Top Four Million in First 24 Hours Available in More Than 20 Additional Countries on Friday, September 26 CUPERTINO, California—September 15, 2014—Apple today announced a record number of first day pre-orders of iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, the biggest advancements in iPhone history, with over four million in the first 24 hours. Demand for the new iPhones exceeds the initial pre-order supply and while a significant amount will be delivered to customers beginning on Friday and throughout September, many iPhone pre-orders are scheduled to be delivered in October. Additional supply of iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will be available to walk-in customers on Friday, September 19 at 8:00 a.m. local time at Apple retail stores. Customers are encouraged to arrive early or order online from the Apple Online Store to pickup in-store or receive an estimated delivery date. Both models will also be available on Friday from O2, Vodafone, EE, Three, GiffGaff, Virgin Media, TalkMobile, additional carriers and select Apple Authorised Resellers. “iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are better in every way, and we are thrilled customers love them as much as we do,” said Tim Cook, Apple’s CEO. “Pre-orders for iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus set a new record for Apple, and we can’t wait to get our best iPhones yet into the hands of customers starting this Friday.” iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will be available in the UK, US, Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, Puerto Rico and Singapore beginning this Friday, September 19 and in more than 20 additional countries beginning on Friday, September 26 including Austria, Belgium, Denmark, Finland, Ireland, Isle of Man, Italy, Liechtenstein, Luxembourg, Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Portugal, Qatar, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Taiwan, Turkey and United Arab Emirates. iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are the biggest advancements in iPhone history, featuring two new models with stunning 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch Retina HD displays, and packed with innovative technologies in an all-new dramatically thin and seamless design that is still comfortable to hold and easy to use. Both models are better in every way and include: the Apple-designed A8 chip with second generation 64-bit desktop-class architecture for blazing fast performance and power efficiency; advanced iSight and FaceTime HD cameras; ultrafast wireless technologies; and Apple Pay, an easy way to simply and securely make payments with just the touch of a finger.* The new iPhones include iOS 8, the biggest release since the App Store, featuring a simpler, faster and more intuitive user experience with new Messages and Photos features, predictive typing for Apple’s QuickType keyboard and Family Sharing. iOS 8 also includes the new Health app, giving you a clear overview of your health and fitness data and iCloud Drive, so you can store files and access them from anywhere. Pricing & Availability Every customer who buys an iPhone 6 or iPhone 6 Plus at an Apple retail store will be offered free Personal Setup to help them customise their iPhone by setting up email, showing them new apps from the App Store and more, so they’ll be up and running with their new iPhone before they leave the store. iPhone 6 comes in gold, silver or space grey, and will be available in the UK for a suggested retail price of £539 (£449.17 ex VAT) for the 16GB model, £619 (£515.83 ex VAT) for the 64GB model and, for the first time, a new 128GB model for £699 (£582.50 ex VAT). iPhone 6 Plus comes in gold, silver or space grey, and will be available in the UK for a suggested retail price of £619 (£515.83 ex VAT) for the 16GB model, £699 (£582.50 ex VAT) for the 64GB model and £789 (£657.50 ex VAT) for the new 128GB model. Both models will be available from the Apple Online Store, Apple’s retail stores, and through O2, Vodafone, EE, Three, GiffGaff, Virgin Media, TalkMobile and select Apple Authorised Resellers. * Apple Pay will be available to iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus customers in the US as a free update to iOS 8 this October. ** For qualified customers only. Check with your carrier for details. Apple reinvented the mobile phone with its revolutionary iPhone and App Store, defined the future of mobile media and computing devices with iPad and has announced Apple Watch, its most personal device ever. Apple leads the digital music revolution with its iPods and iTunes online store, continues the rapid pace of innovation of mobile software with iOS and integrated services including Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple designs Macs, the best personal computers in the world with OS X, and free iOS and OS X apps like iWork and iMovie. Press Contact: Nikki Thompson Apple nikkithompson@apple.com 020 7184 1232 © 2014 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Apple, the Apple logo, Mac, Mac OS, Macintosh, iPhone, Retina, iSight, FaceTime, Apple Pay, App Store, QuickType and iCloud Drive are trademarks of Apple. Other company and product names may be trademarks of their respective owners. Apple Media Helpline 020 8278 1440 media.uk@apple.com
