Apple Announces Eighth Annual iTunes Festival in London iTunes Festival Returns to the Legendary Roundhouse for 30 Days with the World’s Biggest Artists Including Maroon 5, Pharrell Williams, Beck, Sam Smith, Blondie, Kylie, David Guetta, 5 Seconds of Summer, Calvin Harris, Chrissie Hynde & Many More LONDON―July 21, 2014―Apple today announced that Maroon 5, Pharrell Williams, Beck, Sam Smith, Blondie, Kylie, David Guetta, 5 Seconds of Summer, Calvin Harris, Chrissie Hynde and many more of the world’s biggest artists will be headlining this year’s iTunes Festival. Returning to the UK for an eighth year―following a week of incredible live performances in March at SXSW―the iTunes Festival will feature over 60 acts throughout September at the legendary Roundhouse. iTunes performances can be watched live or on-demand by millions of iOS users around the world on their iPhone, iPad or iPod touch and iTunes on their computer or in stunning HD with Apple TV. Tickets are free for competition winners only. “The iTunes Festival in London is back with another stunning line-up of world class performers and tremendous new acts,” said Eddy Cue, Apple’s senior vice president of Internet Software and Services. “These live shows capture the heart and soul of iTunes and we love bringing them to our customers in the Roundhouse, as well as to the millions of people watching all over the world for free.” Music fans from across the world can win tickets to the iTunes Festival through competitions run by local media partners. In the UK, fans can win tickets by entering ballots on iTunes, as well as through select media partners including Global Radio and the London Evening Standard. Since the inaugural Festival at London’s Institute for Contemporary Arts in 2007, over 430 artists have performed in front of more than 430,000 fans and tens of millions more online and on-demand. Now in its eighth year, the iTunes Festival has played host to performers including Adele, Coldplay, Elton John, Foo Fighters, Justin Timberlake, Kings of Leon, Lady Gaga, Katy Perry, Muse, Sir Paul McCartney and many, many more. For updates, tickets and additional information, please visit: www.iTunesFestival.com, or join the conversation @iTunesfestival and #iTunesfestival. Apple designs Macs, the best personal computers in the world, along with OS X, iLife, iWork and professional software. Apple leads the digital music revolution with its iPods and iTunes online store. Apple has reinvented the mobile phone with its revolutionary iPhone and App Store, and is defining the future of mobile media and computing devices with iPad. Press Contacts: Mandy Hershon Apple mhershon@apple.com 0203 284 6194 Adam Howorth Apple adamh@apple.com 020 7184 1202 © 2014 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Apple, the Apple logo, Mac, Mac OS, Macintosh, iTunes, iPhone, iPad, iPod touch and Apple TV are trademarks of Apple. Other company and product names may be trademarks of their respective owners. Apple Media Helpline 020 8278 1440 media.uk@apple.com
