Apple Worldwide Developers Conference Kicks Off June 2 at Moscone West in San Francisco Developers Can Apply for WWDC Tickets Starting Today CUPERTINO, California—April 3, 2014—Apple today announced that it will hold its annual Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) June 2 through June 6 at San Francisco’s Moscone West. At this year’s five-day conference, developers from around the world will learn about the future of iOS and OS X, giving them the latest tools and technologies to continue creating the most innovative apps for the millions of iOS and Mac customers worldwide. WWDC will feature more than 100 technical sessions, over 1,000 Apple engineers, hands-on labs to help developers integrate new technologies and fine tune their apps, as well as the Apple Design Awards which showcase the best apps from the past year. Developers can apply for tickets via the WWDC website (developer.apple.com/wwdc) now through Monday, April 7 at 10:00 a.m. PDT, and tickets will be issued to attendees through random selection. Developers will know their status by Monday, April 7 at 5:00 p.m. PDT. There will also be 200 Student Scholarships available, giving students around the world the chance to earn a free ticket (developer.apple.com/wwdc/students). This year the National Center for Women & Information Technology (NCWIT) and its alliance partners will help promote scholarships to female engineers and coders.  “We have the most amazing developer community in the world and have a great week planned for them,” said Philip Schiller, Apple’s senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing. “Every year the WWDC audience becomes more diverse, with developers from almost every discipline you can imagine and coming from every corner of the globe. We look forward to sharing with them our latest advances in iOS and OS X so they can create the next generation of great apps.” WWDC 2014 activities include: More than 100 technical sessions presented by Apple engineers on a wide range of topics for developing, deploying and integrating the latest iOS and OS X technologies;  more than 1,000 Apple engineers supporting over 100 hands-on labs and events to provide developers with code-level assistance, insight into optimal development techniques and guidance on how they can make the most of iOS and OS X technologies in their apps;  the latest innovations, features and capabilities of iOS and OS X, and how to enhance an app’s functionality, performance, quality and design; the opportunity to connect with thousands of fellow iOS and OS X developers from around the world—last year more than 60 countries were represented; a new series of get togethers for attendees focused on particular topics with special guest speakers and activities;  engaging and inspirational lunchtime sessions with leading minds and influencers from the worlds of technology, science and entertainment; and Apple Design Awards which recognize iPhone, iPad and Mac apps that demonstrate technical excellence, innovation and outstanding design.Monday’s State of the Union session and the Apple Design Awards will be live streamed via the WWDC website giving more developers around the world access to the latest information in real time. Videos from all technical sessions will be posted throughout the week on the Apple Developer website (developer.apple.com/wwdc/videos) and will be available to all registered developers.  Please go to the Apple Worldwide Developers Conference 2014 website (developer.apple.com/wwdc) to apply for a ticket, as well as for updates and more information. Apple designs Macs, the best personal computers in the world, along with OS X, iLife, iWork and professional software. Apple leads the digital music revolution with its iPods and iTunes online store. Apple has reinvented the mobile phone with its revolutionary iPhone and App Store, and is defining the future of mobile media and computing devices with iPad. Press Contacts:  Juriaan Bosman  Apple bosman.j@apple.com 020 7184 1308 Alan Hely Apple alanhely@apple.com 020 7184 1193 © 2014 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Apple, the Apple logo, Mac, Mac OS, Macintosh, OS X, iPhone and iPad are trademarks of Apple. Other company and product names may be trademarks of their respective owners. Apple Media Helpline 020 8278 1440 media.uk@apple.com
