Apple Updates MacBook Air The Perfect Everyday Notebook Now Starts at £749 CUPERTINO, California—April 29, 2014—Apple today updated MacBook Air with faster processors and lower prices, making the perfect everyday notebook an even better value. Now starting at £749, MacBook Air features powerful processors, fast flash storage, 802.11ac Wi-Fi, up to 12 hours of battery life and Apple’s iLife and iWork apps, giving you everything you need to handle all your work, all day long. “With MacBook Air starting at £749, there’s no reason to settle for anything less than a Mac,” said Philip Schiller, Apple’s senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing. “Macs have never been more popular, and today we’ve boosted the performance and lowered the price of MacBook Air so even more people can experience the perfect everyday notebook.” Power-efficient fourth generation Intel Core i5 and Core i7 processors work in conjunction with OS X Mavericks to give the 13-inch MacBook Air up to 12 hours of battery life and the 11-inch MacBook Air up to 9 hours of battery life. iTunes movie playback times increase to 12 hours on the 13-inch notebook and 9 hours on the 11-inch notebook, adding up to two hours of playback time to the updated MacBook Air.* Flash storage makes MacBook Air extremely responsive, whether you are working on presentations, streaming movies and music from iTunes or organising your photo library. iLife and iWork come free with every new Mac. iLife lets you edit your favourite videos with iMovie, create new music or learn to play piano or guitar with GarageBand, and organise, edit and share your best shots with iPhoto. iWork productivity apps, Pages, Numbers and Keynote, make it easy to create, edit and share stunning documents, spreadsheets and presentations. iWork for iCloud beta lets you create a document on iPhone or iPad, edit it on your Mac and collaborate with friends, even if they are on a PC. Every Mac comes with OS X, the world’s most advanced operating system, which is designed for ease of use even while taking full advantage of the powerful technologies built into every Mac. The latest version, OS X Mavericks, introduces more than 200 new features, including core technologies designed specifically for notebooks to boost performance and improve battery life. Mavericks introduces amazing apps like iBooks, which gives you instant access to your iBooks library, more than two million titles in the iBooks Store, and works seamlessly across your Apple devices. The new Maps app allows you to look up directions on your Mac and send them right to your iPhone or iPad, and with iCloud, whatever you do in apps like Mail, Contacts and Calendar also appears on your other devices. Pricing & Availability MacBook Air is available today through the Apple Online Store, Apple’s retail stores and Apple Authorised Resellers. The 11-inch MacBook Air comes with a 1.4 GHz processor with Turbo Boost speeds up to 2.7 GHz, 4GB of memory and is available with 128GB of flash storage starting at £749 inc VAT (£624.17 ex VAT), and 256GB of flash storage starting at £899 inc VAT (£749.17 ex VAT). The 13-inch MacBook Air comes with a 1.4 GHz processor with Turbo Boost speeds up to 2.7 GHz, 4GB of memory and is available with 128GB of flash storage starting at £849 inc VAT (£707.50 ex VAT), and 256GB of flash storage starting at £999 inc VAT (£832.50 ex VAT). Configure-to-order options include a 1.7 GHz Intel Core i7 processor with Turbo Boost speeds up to 3.3 GHz, up to 8GB of memory and up to 512GB flash storage. Additional technical specifications, configure-to-order options and accessories are available online at www.apple.com/uk/macbook-air. *The Wireless Web protocol testing was conducted by Apple in April 2014 using preproduction MacBook Air configurations. Battery life and charge cycles vary by use and settings. For more information visit www.apple.com/uk/macbook-air. Apple designs Macs, the best personal computers in the world, along with OS X, iLife, iWork and professional software. Apple leads the digital music revolution with its iPods and iTunes online store. Apple has reinvented the mobile phone with its revolutionary iPhone and App Store, and is defining the future of mobile media and computing devices with iPad. Press Contact: Juriaan Bosman Apple 020 7184 1308 bosman.j@apple.com   © 2014 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Apple, the Apple logo, Mac, Mac OS, Macintosh, MacBook Air, iLife, iWork, OS X, iTunes, iMovie, GarageBand, iPhoto, Pages, Numbers, Keynote, iCloud, iPhone, iPad, iBooks and iBooks Store are trademarks of Apple. Other company and product names may be trademarks of their respective owners. Download MacBook Air images MacBook Air Download (zip) MacBook Air Download (zip) Apple Media Helpline 020 8278 1440 media.uk@apple.com Image Use Agreement Important Image Use Information By copying or making any use of the image below, you acknowledge that you have read and understand, and agree to, the Image Usage Agreement below that governs your use of the Image. If you do not agree to the Agreement’s terms, do not copy or use the Image in any way, unless you have written permission signed by Apple. Usage Agreement Subject to the terms of this Agreement, you may use the Image solely in whole for editorial use by press and/or industry analysts. This right to use is personal to you and is not transferable by you to another party. The Image cannot be used to promote or sell any product or technology (such as on advertising, brochures, book-covers, stock photos, t-shirts, or other promotional merchandise). You may not alter, or modify the Image, in whole or in part, for any reason. As between you and Apple, Apple is and shall remain the sole and exclusive owner of the Image. You will not delete, alter, or obfuscate any proprietary legends relating to the Image, and each use will be accompanied by the applicable proprietary attribution shown next to the Image. I have read, understood, and agree to the Image Usage Agreement Agree and Download Disagree with Terms
