NTT DOCOMO & Apple to Offer iPad in Japan Starting on Tuesday, June 10 TOKYO and CUPERTINO, California—May 28, 2014—NTT DOCOMO and Apple today announced that iPad Air and iPad mini with Retina display will be available on the DOCOMO network beginning on Tuesday, June 10. iPad Air and iPad mini with Retina display offer the power and capability of the A7 chip, advanced graphics on a Retina display, and high-speed LTE performance,¹ making everything you do faster and better, all while delivering all-day battery life.² “With the addition of iPad alongside iPhone, we now offer the complete lineup of Japan’s most popular mobile devices on the nation’s most reliable LTE network,” said Kaoru Kato, President and CEO of NTT DOCOMO, INC. “We know our customers will enjoy using iPad Air and iPad mini, and anticipate that new customers will look to experience these amazing devices on our high-quality network with our new billing plan.” “We are extremely happy for iPad to join iPhone on NTT DOCOMO’s network,” said Tim Cook, Apple’s CEO. “The results on iPhone have been tremendous, and we look forward to delivering iPad to NTT DOCOMO customers.” iPad Air features a stunning 9.7-inch Retina display in a thin and light design. Precision-engineered to weigh just one pound with a narrow bezel, the borders of iPad Air make content even more immersive. iPad mini with Retina display brings all the pixels from the 9.7-inch iPad to its 7.9-inch screen, delivering razor sharp text and detail in a design that offers 35 percent more screen real estate than 7-inch tablets. iPad Air and iPad mini with Retina display feature the powerful and power-efficient Apple-designed A7 chip with 64-bit desktop-class architecture, ultrafast wireless with built-in Wi-Fi and expanded LTE cellular connectivity, an incredible 10 hours of battery life, and iOS 7 featuring hundreds of great features and access to over 500,000 apps designed specifically for iPad. DOCOMO’s iPad Air and iPad mini with Retina display users will be able to enjoy the company’s nationwide ultra-fast Xi LTE communications service³ with the new billing plan which enables data quota sharing among family members and corporate users. Beginning June 2, customers can pre-register for iPad Air and iPad mini with Retina display at DOCOMO dealers and DOCOMO’s website. For details on sales prices and special campaigns, please visit http://www.nttdocomo.co.jp/english/ipad/charge/index.html#model. For details on the new billing plan, please visit http://www.nttdocomo.co.jp/english/charge. For more information on iPad, please visit https://www.apple.com/uk/ipad. ¹ LTE is available through select carriers. Network speeds are dependent on carrier networks, check with your carrier for details. ² Battery life depends on device settings, usage and other factors. Actual results vary. ³ Xi is only available to subscribers in Japan. Xi is a trademark of NTT DOCOMO, INC. in Japan and/or other countries. NTT DOCOMO provides innovative, convenient and secure mobile services that enable smarter living for each customer. The company serves over 63 million mobile customers in Japan via advanced wireless networks, including a nationwide 3G network and one of the world’s first commercial LTE networks. Leveraging its unique capabilities as a mobile operator, DOCOMO is a leading developer of cutting-edge technologies for NFC mobile payments, mobile GPS, mobile TV, intuitive mobile assistance, environmental monitoring, smart grids and much more. Overseas, the company provides technical and operational expertise to eight mobile operators and other partner companies. NTT DOCOMO is listed on the Tokyo (9437) and New York (DCM) stock exchanges. Please visit www.nttdocomo.co.jp/english for more information. Apple designs Macs, the best personal computers in the world, along with OS X, iLife, iWork and professional software. Apple leads the digital music revolution with its iPods and iTunes online store. Apple has reinvented the mobile phone with its revolutionary iPhone and App Store, and is defining the future of mobile media and computing devices with iPad. Press Contacts: Bethan Lloyd Apple bethan@apple.com 020 7184 1095 Takuya Ori NTT DOCOMO ori@nttdocomo.co.jp +81 3 5156 1366   © 2014 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Apple, the Apple logo, Mac, Mac OS, Macintosh, iPad Air, iPad mini, Retina and iPad are trademarks of Apple. Other company and product names may be trademarks of their respective owners. Download iPad Air images iPad Air Download (zip) iPad family Download (zip) Download iPad mini with Retina display images iPad mini with Retina display Download (zip) iPad mini with Retina display Download (zip) iPad family Download (zip) Apple Media Helpline 020 8278 1440 media.uk@apple.com Image Use Agreement Important Image Use Information By copying or making any use of the image below, you acknowledge that you have read and understand, and agree to, the Image Usage Agreement below that governs your use of the Image. If you do not agree to the Agreement’s terms, do not copy or use the Image in any way, unless you have written permission signed by Apple. Usage Agreement Subject to the terms of this Agreement, you may use the Image solely in whole for editorial use by press and/or industry analysts. This right to use is personal to you and is not transferable by you to another party. The Image cannot be used to promote or sell any product or technology (such as on advertising, brochures, book-covers, stock photos, t-shirts, or other promotional merchandise). You may not alter, or modify the Image, in whole or in part, for any reason. As between you and Apple, Apple is and shall remain the sole and exclusive owner of the Image. You will not delete, alter, or obfuscate any proprietary legends relating to the Image, and each use will be accompanied by the applicable proprietary attribution shown next to the Image. I have read, understood, and agree to the Image Usage Agreement Agree and Download Disagree with Terms
