Panasonic Corporation announced today that it will exhibit in Hall 5.2 a/b at the Internationale Funkausstellung Berlin 2014 (IFA), one of the largest consumer electronics fairs in the world, to be held at Messe Berlin, Germany, from September 5th to 10th, 2014. Under the theme of “A Better Life, A Better World,” the Panasonic booth will present new experiences and value-added products and services that make life better, from digital AV equipment and home appliances to solutions for businesses.Main exhibits Concept Area: Better Living TomorrowPanasonic will present sophisticated lifestyles of the near future, taking full advantage of the company’s diverse range of products. In the center of the 3,300-square-meter booth will be a living space with a variety of home appliances blended well into the surroundings. Through demonstrations, Panasonic will propose new benefits that home electronics and household appliances can create in daily living spaces, including kitchen and living room. 4K WorldIn addition to Panasonic’s 4K product line for consumers, which is expanding to include devices that let them enjoy "watching" (TVs) and "capturing" (digital still and video cameras), visitors will find the company’s 4K solutions for professionals such as camcorders, digital signage equipment, and tablets. Digital AVHome entertainment products on display will focus on 4K models of Panasonic’s VIERA TVs delivering the highest picture quality. A wide range of services will also be presented including TV Anywhere, which allows you to enjoy TV and recorded content in Blu-ray Disc Recorders wherever you are, and features unique to Europe1 such as SAT>IP, which enables you to access satellite broadcasting without a tuner. Panasonic will also exhibit audio products that offer a variety of ways to enjoy music at home and outdoors, including a series of AllPlay-compatible multi-room network audio products and high-resolution audio headphones. Imaging products in this area will offer visitors new ways to enjoy photos and video through Panasonic’s 4K imaging products, such as the LUMIX FZ1000, and GH4 cameras, and A500 wearable camcorder, all of which are capable of capturing 4K video. Home Appliances The cooking appliances area will feature Panasonic’s high-quality built-in appliances, including its induction hob. The company’s own temperature control technology in the induction hob will be introduced through live shows by Japanese cuisine instructor-chefs from the Tsuji Culinary Institute of Osaka on the cooking demo stage. Beauty care and grooming products in this corner will focus on Panasonic’s nanoe technology. Visitors can learn the benefits of such Panasonic nanoe products as hair dryers, hair irons and shavers through firsthand experience and demonstrations by professional hair stylists. Washers and dryers on display will highlight Panasonic's unique steam technology and auto-care function, which will be introduced for the first time in Europe. B2B Solutions Panasonic will introduce examples of corporate solutions offered in Europe, including its cloud monitoring service, energy-related systems for homes, and batteries for electric vehicles.In addition, Panasonic's "Future Craft" design philosophy and products designed based on the philosophy will also be introduced at the booth. Press Conference Panasonic’s press conference will be held on Wednesday, September 3, 2014 from 3:00 to 3:45 p.m. (CEST) at the Panasonic Booth. Panasonic Booth and Related Websites Panasonic LIVE @ IFA (http://www.panasonic.com/ifa) The online broadcast will bring Panasonic IFA experience to people around the world. This includes Panasonic’s press conference as well as the company’s latest products, technologies and solutions on display and demonstrations from the Panasonic Booth. Press kit website (http://www.panasonic.eu/ifa2014/) Press releases, photos and video will be available for download from 3:45 p.m. (CEST) on September 3, 2014. About Panasonic Panasonic Corporation is a worldwide leader in the development and engineering of electronic technologies and solutions for customers in residential, non-residential, mobility and personal applications. Since its founding in 1918, the company has expanded globally and now operates over 500 consolidated companies worldwide, recording consolidated net sales of 7.30 trillion yen (68 billion euros) for the year ended March 31, 2013. Committed to pursuing new value through innovation across divisional lines, the company strives to create a better life and a better world for its customers. For more information about Panasonic, please visit the company's website at http://panasonic.net/.
