Panasonic announces the new firmware update program for the LUMIX G Interchangeable Lens Camera DMC-GH4. The firmware will be released to enhance the performance and controllability of the camera, featuring new 4K Photo Mode. The 4K Photo mode encourages a new way of photography first proposed by Panasonic. It encourages users to capture spur-of-the-moment, high resolution, 4K photos by cropping out a designated frame from a 4K video. With the new firmware for GH4, it is easier to get 4K photo by using the dedicated mode. Once selecting the 4K Photo Mode, recording format, picture quality setting, brightness level are automatically set to the optimum parameter for photo shooting. Users can record high quality video either in 4:3, 3:2 or even 1:1 aspect, in addition to 16:9, all which can provide a still image with 8-megapixel equivalent resolution. Each JPEG image cropped out of the video footage complies with EXIF just as a normal still picture. While recording the 4K video in 4K Photo Mode, it is possible to mark the designated part by just pressing the [Fn1] button. This can reduce postproduction work for searching the spur-of-the-moment worth cropping out. Furthermore, 4K video can be recorded continuously with Loop Rec function which keeps on saving 5 newest 2-minute video files before you press record. This means users can patiently wait for the perfect photo opportunity to come along for as long as they want through keeping the camera recording. There are more functional upgrades such as an addition of 4K video recording in 23.98p (MP4, AAC) and enhancement of controllability over ISO setting or light amount of flash emission. Also, the DMC-GH4 now expands its connectivity with external equipment. For example, the PC software “USB Tether*2” enables remote camera control (shooting, setting or image data transfer) by PC via USB. The PHOTOfunSTUDIO 9.5PE and Panasonic Image App for iOS/Android will also be updated to support these functional upgrades.  The new firmware program is scheduled to be released with more information in detail at the Panasonic LUMIX Support Site at http://panasonic.jp/support/global/cs/dsc/ in the beginning of October, 2014. *1 Use SDXC/SDHC Memory Card compatible with UHS Speed Class 3 (U3) *2 *For more information on PC software “USB Tether”, please visit the website of Promote Systems. http://www.promotesystems.com/ •Android and Google Play are trademarks or registered trademarks of Google Inc. • IOS is a trademark or registered trademark of Cisco in the U.S. and other countries and is used under license. About Panasonic Panasonic Corporation is a worldwide leader in the development and engineering of electronic technologies and solutions for customers in residential, non-residential, mobility and personal applications. Since its founding in 1918, the company has expanded globally and now operates over 500 consolidated companies worldwide, recording consolidated net sales of 7.74 trillion yen (57.74 billion Euro) for the year ended March 31, 2014. Committed to pursuing new value through innovation across divisional lines, the company strives to create a better life and a better world for its customers. For more information about Panasonic, please visit the company's website at http://panasonic.net/.
