 Berlin, 3rd September 2014 – Panasonic is announcing online streaming services Aupeo!, Napster, Spotify and TuneIn, and their associated original apps, are all compatible with its new European range of multi-room speaker systems, the ALL series, opening up a world of music. The ALL Series multi-room wireless speaker system is unusual in the wireless music world as it allows listeners to use the original, native control apps of their favourite streaming services[1], controlling not only the service but also the ALL Series speakers.  This means that the full functionality and rich features of the app designed specifically for the service, rather than an integrated product app with limited functionality, can be enjoyed.  High quality music: anytime, anywhere Panasonic’s new Multi-room Wireless Speaker System with AllPlay makes it easy to setup a multi-room configuration based on an already existing home Wi-Fi network. Using an iOS or Android smartphone or tablet, music can be wirelessly transmitted throughout the house with a music subscription service or internet radio. The system has two different modes to either share the same music throughout the home or different music to each speaker location. The ‘Party Mode’ setting enables everyone to join the party and listen to the same song no matter what room they are in while the ‘Multi Zone’ setting allows users to select different songs for different connected speakers regardless of the room. Control of the system is possible directly from the app of an internet radio or a music subscription service and as the apps are frequently upgraded you can enjoy the benefits of these upgrades directly. After listening to music from your smartphone while away from home, you can conveniently switch to other compatible speakers right from the screen when you return home without changing the app. Furthermore, by using the Panasonic Music Streaming App for mobile devices,  different music - for example, songs from music subscription services, internet radio, songs stored on a smartphone, or songs archived on a PC - can be easily played to different speakers by accessing the “Multi Zone” function. Sharp sound, stylish design The ALL series models have a simple, yet elegant design, accentuated by unique oval-shaped sides on a stylish body. While the SC-ALL8 is wall-mountable, the SC-ALL3 and SC-ALL1C both have a two-way layout design, meaning each can be positioned either vertically or horizontally, allowing each to be placed anywhere in the home. Sound enhancing technology for perfect tones The Panasonic SC-ALL8 and SC-ALL3 Wireless Speaker Systems are both equipped with a wide range of sound-enhancing technologies.  For example, the 2nd generation LincsD-Amp applies noise shaping technology to reproduce a highly stable clock, reducing jitter to a frequency range that is below the level that is audible to the human ear.  XBS Master amplifies low-frequency sounds to achieve robust bass.  Multi Band Gain Control eliminates unnatural sounds which are generated during the process of controlling distortion and H.BASS adds harmonics, enabling the reproduction of bass sounds of 80 Hz or less, previously difficult to reproduce with this class of speaker. With the simple connection of the Panasonic SH-ALL1C, an existing speaker system can be easily upgraded to form a multi-room configuration.  In addition, a High Class 192-kHz/24-bit Digital-to-Analogue-Converter (DAC) is used to suppress sound quality degradation in the wireless signal from a smartphone, resulting in high-quality audio signals being transmitted to the speaker system, ensuring perfect clarity every time. Clear, dynamic sound The Panasonic SC-ALL8 incorporates a five-speaker system with a Nano Bamboo Double Layer for the woofer and tweeter, whilst the SC-ALL3 incorporates a four-speaker system.  Bamboo provides a light, yet rigid material, and with a double-layer structure, helps to produce clear, dynamic sounds throughout the mid- to high-frequency range. This keeps vocals clear and transparent, so they are not buried within instrument sounds, while at the same time reproducing low-frequency sounds, such as drum and bass, with crisp clarity.  The formed Mica 4-3/4inch (12cm) Subwoofer in the SC-ALL8 resolves unbalanced drive unit problems that can cause distortion in subwoofer sounds. Michael Friedrich, Senior Manager Product Marketing, Home AV, said: “Panasonic has a great history in providing superior home audio systems and this new multi-room system is no exception.  Listening habits have changed and music no longer has to come from a physical source like a CD but can come from a variety of digital sources, one example of which would be streaming.  Our systems have developed with these changes and are widely compatible with these digital sources and listening habits. We’ve created a flexible system that allows the same music to be enjoyed by all through a number of different speakers in different rooms or alternatively allows different music to be selected and played from each speaker.  On top of delivering a powerful, high quality sound our Multi-Room Hi-Fi System is easy to setup and operate.” Technical Details: SC-ALL8 Wall mountable 5 speakers (1 subwoofer / 2 woofers / 2 tweeters) LincsD-Amp 2nd generation XBS Mater (XBS / H.Bass / Multi Band Gain Control) 80W power output Panasonic Music Streaming App WiFi 5GHz/2.4GHz SC-ALL3 Two way design - vertical and horizontal 4 speakers (2 woofers / 2 tweeters) LincsD-Amp 2nd generation XBS Mater (XBS / H.Bass / Multi Band Gain Control) 40W power output Panasonic Music Streaming App WiFi 5GHz/2.4GHz SH-ALL1C Two way design - vertical and horizontal 192kHz/24bit Burr Brown TI DAC Gold coating terminal Panasonic Music Streaming App WiFi 5GHz/2.4GHz - ENDS - TRADEMARK NOTICE Qualcomm AllPlay is a product of Qualcomm Connected Experiences, Inc. Qualcomm is a trademark of Qualcomm Incorporated, registered in the United States and other countries, used with permission. AllPlay is a trademark of Qualcomm Connected Experiences, Inc. used with permission. [1] Availability of subscription services and Internet radio may vary depending on country About Panasonic Panasonic Corporation is a worldwide leader in the development and engineering of electronic technologies and solutions for customers in residential, non-residential, mobility and personal applications. Since its founding in 1918, the company has expanded globally and now operates over 500 consolidated companies worldwide, recording consolidated net sales of 7.30 trillion yen (68 billion euros) for the year ended March 31, 2013. Committed to pursuing new value through innovation across divisional lines, the company strives to create a better life and a better world for its customers. For more information about Panasonic, please visit the company's website at http://panasonic.net/.
