22nd October 2014 - Panasonic is pleased to announce that its ALL Series audio products will be sponsoring coverage of the MOBO Awards, which will be broadcast on the UK's biggest digital channel ITV2 at 8pm this evening. Panasonic’s award winning ALL Series wireless Hi-Fi systems will be sponsoring the coverage of one of the most anticipated events on the music calendar, the MOBO Awards on ITV2. The annual MOBO Awards have recently found a new broadcast home in ITV and Panasonic’s ALL Series products will be featured before and after the ad breaks on both ITV2 and the highlights show which follows on ITV. This year's ceremony will be hosted by Mel B and Sarah-Jane Crawford and will take place at The SSE Arena, Wembley.  It celebrates the best and brightest new talent in the UK’s thriving urban music scene, alongside more established UK and international names.  Performances on the night include Professor Green, Krept & Konan and MNEK feat. Gorgon City.   Created by Brave, the new idents feature Panasonic staff, friends and family strutting their stuff and singing along to their favourite hits, playing from the ALL Series speakers in various rooms around the house.  Commenting on the new sponsorship deal, David Bonney, Advertising and Partnership Manager for Panasonic UK says “We are delighted to be sponsoring the MOBO Awards coverage on ITV and believe our strong audio credentials perfectly matches the MOBO audience’s needs.  Just like the MOBO Awards, our ALL series products showcase music at its best – and allow users to be in control of their music and enjoy it throughout the house.” The annual MOBO Awards Show will be held at The SSE Arena, Wembley on the 22nd October 2014, and will be broadcast on ITV2 at 8pm, - with a highlights show later on ITV at 10.40pm.   -ENDS- About Panasonic Panasonic Corporation is a worldwide leader in the development and engineering of electronic technologies and solutions for customers in residential, non-residential, mobility and personal applications. Since its founding in 1918, the company has expanded globally and now operates over 500 consolidated companies worldwide, recording consolidated net sales of 7.74 trillion yen (57.74 billion Euro) for the year ended March 31, 2014. Committed to pursuing new value through innovation across divisional lines, the company strives to create a better life and a better world for its customers. For more information about Panasonic, please visit the company's website at http://panasonic.net/.
