Berlin, September 3rd 2014 – Panasonic is today revealing its latest range of 4K-enabled products at IFA, one of the world’s largest consumer electronics trade fairs. Extending the current portfolio, the newest products enable users to capture, share and view content in stunning Ultra High Definition quality. Panasonic’s new range of premium 4K devices for 2014 add to an ever-expanding end-to-end product range. In its TV line-up, Panasonic has introduced the new flagship AX902 - featuring the best picture performance – in addition to the 85 inch X940 model and AX630 series, which sit alongside its existing AX802. In the imaging arena,  Panasonic has launched the new HC-X1000, its first prosumer camcorder capable of recording 4K 60p/50p video images on an SD card. This joins Panasonic’s existing 4K-enabled digital imaging equipment such as LUMIX GH4, LUMIX FZ1000 and the A500 wearable camera, designed to capture high quality and unique images whenever the opportunity arises. Michikazu Matsushita, Deputy Managing Director, Panasonic Consumer Marketing Europe said, “At Panasonic we strive to continually deliver the most advanced range of consumer electronics products to the market. Our 4K-enabled devices are no different. This incredible technology enables users to experience video, photo and home entertainment in extraordinary detail.”   Panasonic’s range of 4K consumer devices is complemented by its range of 4K solutions for business, such as the 4K tablet and broadcast cameras, underlining the company’s commitment to bringing 4K technology to a wider range of industries. Ultra high definition experiences at the heart of your living room Boasting 4K resolution and advanced image processing, Panasonic’s Ultra HD 4K LED LCD TV models maximise image quality for both native 4K and non-4K content, allowing you to see every subtle nuance in exquisite detail. The AX902, X940 and AX802 utilise LCD panels equipped with a new, high-colour LED backlight that delivers colours which are truly faithful to the original. In particular, the Studio Master Colour enables all these 4K VIERA TVs to reproduce colours accurately even at low saturation and brightness levels, greatly enhancing the picture quality of dark scenes. Capturing moments in ultra high quality Panasonic has also further expanded its 4K digital imagine line-up with the X1000, featuring a LEICA Dicomar Lens alongside a new BSI Sensor, and Crystal Engine Pro 4K, producing stunning, lifelike images in Ultra HD 4K resolution. Ideal for shooting high quality documentaries and events, the X1000 records in QFHD (3840 x 2160) and Cinema 4K (4096 x 2160) formats which produce smoothly flowing 60p/50p images. The superb 4K recording capabilities offered by the X1000 also provides a lot more flexibility in the editing suite. 4K allows you to crop your composition and choose the perfect frame, as well as zoom 200 per cent while maintaining HD quality; turn stationary footage into panning shots; tilt and level the footage; or easily stabilise your film. The X1000 complements Panasonic’s recently launched 4K-enabled flagship LUMIX G camera, newest bridge camera, and wearable camera - the LUMIX GH4, LUMIX FZ1000 and A500 respectively - offering a range of on-the-go high quality image capture capabilities. The LUMIX GH4 is Panasonic’s most advanced Digital Single Lens Mirrorless (DSLM) interchangeable lens camera to date. Capable of Full HD video with ultra-high bitrate at 200 Mbps (ALL-Intra) or 100 Mbps (IPB), videographers are now able to realise their vision in 4K UHD resolution. The LUMIX FZ1000 is the world’s first bridge camera offering 4K recording, for capturing breath-taking video content with four times the resolution of Full HD.  The ideal companion for photographers looking to capture images with superb quality during their outdoor adventures, the LUMIX FZ1000 features a stylish design, durable build and incorporating a fixed F2.8-4.0/25mm-400mm LEICA DC VARIO-ELMARIT lens. The A500 wearable camera takes 4K shooting to a new level of mobility and delivers stunning results, even when you’re shooting scenes with fast motion.  Enabled by a new high speed and intelligent image processor, the Crystal Engine Pro+ provides smooth 4K video recording at 25p. Complementary 4K range whatever your consumer or professional needs Panasonic’s 4K UHD TVs and imaging products sit alongside other consumer products, including a 4K compatible Blu-ray Disc Player, the BDT700, and the gold series SDUC cards. The full range offers the ultimate choice for consumers looking to access, record and store the highest quality images and videos, as well as professionals for whom picture quality is imperative. For professionals Panasonic’s 4K end-to-end portfolio provides the 4K Broadcast Varicam, 4K Tablet, 4K screens for signage and 4K studio monitors. - ENDS - About Panasonic Panasonic Corporation is a worldwide leader in the development and engineering of electronic technologies and solutions for customers in residential, non-residential, mobility and personal applications. Since its founding in 1918, the company has expanded globally and now operates over 500 consolidated companies worldwide, recording consolidated net sales of 7.30 trillion yen (68 billion euros) for the year ended March 31, 2013. Committed to pursuing new value through innovation across divisional lines, the company strives to create a better life and a better world for its customers. For more information about Panasonic, please visit the company's website at http://panasonic.net/.
