STRICTLY EMBARGOED UNTIL January 6th, 2014 PST (Las Vegas) 11:00AM / GMT 19:00 Panasonic launches the LUMIX TZ60 – World’s slimmest premium digital compact camera with Live View Finder and 30x Ultra Zoom Manual Control Ring, RAW compatibility, Focus Peaking and 50p (PAL) Full-HD video recording make the LUMIX TZ60 the ideal travel companion for the creative photographer  6th January 2014 – Panasonic has today unveiled the LUMIX TZ60, the newest model in its flagship TZ series of premium compact cameras. Boasting outstanding image and video quality, a powerful 30x optical zoom, LVF (Live View Finder), advanced connectivity and a wide range of creative and manual functions, the LUMIX TZ60 is the ideal all-purpose compact camera for capturing your daily journey, wherever you are in the world. With a high-precision, wide-angle LEICA lens, a high-sensitivity 18.1-megapixel MOS sensor and Light Speed Auto Focus (AF), the LUMIX TZ60 allows you to capture the perfect picture or video every time - whether you’re shooting in bright sunshine on the beach or capturing a bustling market scene at night. The LUMIX TZ60 also packs a range of creative and manual features and functions into its neat and beautifully sleek design. With a Live View Finder and manual control ring for precision framing and control and a wide selection of creative modes, you will be able to effortlessly express your creativity and record your adventures in your own unique style. Be ready for every situation with wide-angle, high-zoom and ultra-fast photography The LUMIX TZ60’s ultra-wide angle LEICA DC VARIO-ELMAR lens, with a 30x optical zoom, provides the quality and versatility for every kind of shooting situation, whilst also providing the speed required for the instinctive photography that transforms the most unexpected moments into powerful, memorable photos and video: ·  Wide angle lens: The 24mm lens has a viewing space approximately 136% larger than that of a 28mm camera, making it ideal for shooting sweeping landscape scenes, as well as group shots of friends and family. ·  Intelligent Zoom: The LUMIX TZ60’s Intelligent Resolution technology, Intelligent Zoom is available to further extend the zoom ratio to the equivalent of 60x, with minimum deterioration in picture quality. . This makes the camera perfect for capturing distant subjects like wildlife. ·  Light Speed shooting: With a quick start-up time and a Light Speed, highly precise Auto Focus, you can capture even the most fleeting shooting opportunities with stunning clarity. Meanwhile, high speed consecutive shooting lets you shoot 10 Frames per Second (FPS) in 18.1-megapixel full resolution with the mechanical shutter, and 5 FPS with continuous AF and Full HD video recording. A premium quality compact camera, both inside and outside Despite its small, sleek design, the LUMIX TZ60 packs a serious punch, with advanced technology and functionality to deliver stunning image quality, day or night: ·  High sensitivity sensor and Venus Engine: With an 18.1-megapixel high sensitivity MOS sensor, the LUMIX TZ60 delivers high quality image recording and high speed signal processing. In addition, the processing engine incorporates a superior Noise Reduction (NR) system which will provide you with great results, even when shooting in low-light situations. The noise reduction process results in high sensitivity image recording, even at ISO6400. In addition, the Multi-process NR works in two separate steps allowing even finer control over noise levels. ·  Stunning movie shooting: The LUMIX TZ60 can also shoot videos with clarity and precision, with Full HD 1920 x 1080 50p in AVCHD Progressive (MPEG-4 / H.264) format. The powerful 30x optical zoom with 2-step zoom function is also available in video recording. ·  Advanced image stabilisation, even when shooting video: Panasonic’s advanced image stabilizer, POWER O.I.S., also now includes HYBRID O.I.S.+ for video recording. With 5-axis correction that detects and effectively compensates for the camera's five types of movement – horizontal, vertical, axis of rotation, vertical rotation and horizontal rotation – you can achieve beautifully steady videos. Meanwhile, the Level Shot Function detects the horizontal line of the recording image and keeps it level, even if the camera is tilted, letting you take stable video, even when shooting with the camera held above your head. Realise your creativity and express yourself through your adventures The LUMIX TZ60 has been designed to allow you to express your creativity and unique personality through your photography, with a range of creative support modes and manual controls: ·  Live View Finder: The LUMIX TZ60’s Live View Finder (EVF) lets you shoot like a pro, helping you get stable framing even when using the 30x ultra zoom. It also allows you to be much more versatile with your photography and movie-making. The 0.2 inch 100% field of view 200K-dot equivalent resolution LVF is ideal if you want to concentrate on the subject’s motion while panning, or when shooting in bright sunlight and the camera’s LCD screen difficult to see clearly. ·  Control ring: The LUMIX TZ60’s control ring, located on the lens barrel, provides the direct and intuitive means to control your creative vision with precision and ease. You can gain smoother control of the exposure and zoom when concentrating on the shutter operation, while also gaining easy access to frequently-used settings – such as aperture, shutter speed, focus, filter effect and scene mode. ·  RAW compatibility: For the first time in the TZ series, the LUMIX TZ60 also enables image recording in RAW format. The SILKYPIX Developer Studio 4.1 SE software that is included allows dramatically higher quality image development from the RAW data provided - even images shot at high ISO settings can be produced sharply with minimum noise. ·  Focus Peaking: For more precise control over focus, the LUMIX TZ60 incorporates a Focus Peaking function that shows the peak of focus in Manual Focus mode. Users can see this focus peak while monitoring the subject in live view, as well as via their smartphone or tablet when using remote view mode. ·  Creative modes for everyone: The advanced camera also features Zoom Macro for fine macro shooting; High Dynamic Range which allows several photos to be shot consecutively at different exposure levels to make a superb single composite; and iA (Intelligent Auto) Mode – which works for both photo and videos and includes a new Food Detection mode which is ideal for “foodies”, helping them chronicle their dishes perfectly. This mode also includes Intelligent Handheld Nightshot, helping you to achieve clear images even in poorly-lit situations without using a tripod. The LUMIX TZ60 is also equipped with popular Creative Control and Creative Retouch modes, featuring a total of 15 filter effects, including Expressive, Retro and Old Days. The widest connectivity for the most flexible shooting The LUMIX TZ60’s integrated Wi-Fi, NFC and GPS technology opens a world of new possibilities, from instant photo and video sharing, to remote shooting, and even tracking your photographic travels with Google Earth: ·  Connectivity options: The LUMIX TZ60 integrates Wi-Fi connectivity (IEEE 802.11 b/g/n) with NFC technology to allow you to share your videos and photos instantly and with ease. You can connect the camera to your smartphone or tablet by just placing them near to each other, and following simple on-screen instructions.  You can also connect the camera to a smartphone or tablet without NFC easily by using the QR code which is embedded in the camera. ·  Remote shooting: The LUMIX TZ60’s connectivity options also mean that you can easily use your smartphone or tablet to remotely control your camera, ideal for setting up group shots of your friends, or shooting wildlife without disturbing them. The camera view is displayed live at a smooth 30 FPS on your smart device, and you can remotely control functions including zoom, focus, shutter release, aperture and exposure. ·  Accurate location: The LUMIX TZ60’s GPS complies with the GLONASS standard, further enhancing its detection accuracy for an increased number of satellites. You can also gain real-time information about the location in which you’re shooting, which is especially useful during travel to unfamiliar locations. In addition, the logging function allows you to record your route and display it on the Google Earth application. About Panasonic Panasonic Corporation is a worldwide leader in the development and engineering of electronic technologies and solutions for customers in residential, non-residential, mobility and personal applications. Since its founding in 1918, the company has expanded globally and now operates over 500 consolidated companies worldwide, recording consolidated net sales of 7.30 trillion yen (68 billion euros) for the year ended March 31, 2013. Committed to pursuing new value through innovation across divisional lines, the company strives to create a better life and a better world for its customers. For more information about Panasonic, please visit the company's website at http://panasonic.net/.
