STRICTLY EMBARGOED UNTIL MONDAY JANUARY 6TH, 2014 - PST (LAS VEGAS) 11:00AM / GMT 19:00 Panasonic launches the LUMIX TZ55 – a new versatile and high quality camera that’s ideal for capturing your travels Outstanding image quality, creative functions and a new ‘tiltable’ LCD screen makes the LUMIX TZ55 the traveller’s perfect companion 6th January 2014– Panasonic has today unveiled the LUMIX TZ55, a pocket-sized camera offering the flexibility and image quality to enable you to shoot beautiful images and Full HD movies, wherever you are in the world. Boasting a 24mm ultra-wide angle lens and powerful 20x optical zoom for both photo and video recording, you can capture wide landscapes and close-ups with incredible clarity. The LUMIX TZ55 is also the first in Panasonic’s popular LUMIX TZ series to incorporate a tiltable LCD screen, enabling you to get the right shot from any angle, or capture the perfect self-portrait of you and your friends. With its high zoom capability, high-sensitivity 16.1-megapixel MOS sensor and Sonic Speed Auto Focus (AF), the LUMIX TZ55 gives you the versatility to capture superb images and videos wherever your travels take you – whether you’re shooting emerging sun rises or beautifully-lit bridges at night. The LUMIX TZ55’s wide connectivity options also mean that you can share your images and movies easily and instantaneously via your smartphone or tablet, even in destinations far from home. Capturing quality pictures and video, anytime, anywhere Despite the LUMIX TZ55’s sleek, compact design, it contains a host of advanced technology to ensure premium image and video quality, even in fast-moving or low-lit situations:  ·  High sensitivity sensor and Venus Engine: The combination of the 16.1-megapixel MOS sensor and the Venus Engine enables the LUMIX TZ55 to deliver high quality image recordings, as well as a high speed signal output. Additionally, the camera’s Noise Reduction (NR) system ensures videos and photos can be captured clearly, even when shooting in low-light. ·  Full HD Video: The picture quality advances of the LUMIX TZ55 aren’t restricted to still images, as you can capture high quality MP4 movies in1920x1080 Full HD-video. Meanwhile an independent ‘motion picture’ button on the top of the camera allows you to instantly start shooting a video, so you can capture unexpected scenes in their full glory. ·  Fast photography on-the-go: With quick start-up time and Sonic Speed Auto Focus (AF), the LUMIX TZ55 allows you to capture even the most fleeting scene, while its high speed digital signal output technology lets you to shoot at 10 Frames per Second (FPS) in high speed burst mode. Wide angle and high zoom photography for every shooting situation The LUMIX TZ55’s ultra-wide angle LUMIX DC VARIO lens, high power zoom and optical image stabilisation technology gives you the versatility to capture great images and movies, whatever situation you’re shooting in: ·  Ultra-wide angle photography: The 24mm lens has a viewing space approximately 213% larger than that of a 35mm camera, making it ideal for landscape photography, as well as group shots of friends and family. ·  Extended zoom:  The LUMIX TZ55’s powerful 20x optical zoom means that you can shoot distant scenes as it they were close-up. Additionally, with the camera’s Intelligent Resolution and Intelligent Zoom technology, you can further extend the zoom ratio to the equivalent of 40x zoom, with minimal deterioration in picture quality. ·  Advanced image stabilisation: WithPanasonic’s advanced Optical Image Stabilisation technology, POWER O.I.S., the LUMIX TZ55 can minimise blur caused by hand movements or vibrations, even when you’re using a slow shutter speed. Capture unique memories with a personal touch The LUMIX TZ55 has been designed to give you total control over how you frame and set-up your shots. From a tiltable LCD screen to a wide array of creative functions, you can ensure results that are totally personal to you: ·  Tiltable LCD screen: The three inch LCD monitor can flip up 180 degrees, making the LUMIX TZ55 incredibly versatile, and allowing you to frame self-portraits perfectly. The accompanying Self Shot mode activates the self-timer, while Burst Shooting and Soft Skin modes ensure both you and the background detail look good every time. ·  Creative Control: The LUMIX TZ55 includes both Creative Control and Creative Retouch functions to add your own personal touch to your images and videos. Creative Control lets you shoot with one of 15 filter effects, including Expressive, Retro and Old Days. Meanwhile the Creative Retouch function allows you to add effects to images you’ve already taken. Additionally, with thenew Creative Panorama function you can create sweeping panoramic shots, and overlay them with 13 filter effects. Advanced connectivity for the most flexible shooting The LUMIX TZ55 boasts wide connectivity options - including integrated Wi-Fi – to open up a world of new possibilities, from instant photo-sharing, to remote shooting: ·  Remote shooting: The LUMIX TZ55 integrates Wi-Fi connectivity (IEEE 802.11 b/g/n) to allow use your smartphone or tablet to control the camera remotely - ideal for setting up group shots of you and your friends, or shooting wildlife without disturbing them. The camera view is displayed live at a smooth 30 FPS on your smart device, and you can remotely control functions including zoom, focus, shutter release and exposure. ·  Instant geo-tagging and sharing: With the Instant Transfer function, the camera will automatically transfer the photo data to the designated smart phone or tablet whenever shutter is released. You can tag the location information to the image by utilising the GPS log of the smart device, and share it instantly with your favourite social networking service. -ENDS- About Panasonic Panasonic Corporation is a worldwide leader in the development and engineering of electronic technologies and solutions for customers in residential, non-residential, mobility and personal applications. Since its founding in 1918, the company has expanded globally and now operates over 500 consolidated companies worldwide, recording consolidated net sales of 7.30 trillion yen (68 billion euros) for the year ended March 31, 2013. Committed to pursuing new value through innovation across divisional lines, the company strives to create a better life and a better world for its customers. For more information about Panasonic, please visit the company's website at http://panasonic.net/.
