October 1st, 2014, London – Today, Panasonic announced a long-term partnership with Europe’s largest conservation charity, the National Trust. At the top line, the partnership presents Panasonic with the opportunity to showcase its latest, innovative technologies, while enabling the National Trust to achieve its goal of moving towards a greener, more sustainable mode of operation. The National Trust will put Panasonic technology through its paces and Panasonic will use some of the National Trust’s most treasured sites for a variety of events. The partnership will enhance the experience of those visiting National Trust sites through a series of joint promotions focused on Panasonic’s imaging, home appliances and business products. Panasonic will be holding events at selected National Trust sites throughout the year. Visitors will be able to loan the latest LUMIX cameras, enabling them to capture memories of their day out. Meanwhile, National Trust rangers will get hands on with Panasonic’s Toughbook PCs in the great outdoors. Further initiatives will be announced in due course. Panasonic quote – depending on press target BUSINESS and MARKETING: (for nationals) Andrew Denham, MD at Panasonic UK, said: “This partnership marks the start of a long-term relationship with the National Trust, which we feel generates tremendous value for both parties. Panasonic is dedicated to creating a better life for consumers, and these aims match well with those of the National Trust.” ECO: (v.specific for a couple of eco editors on the nationals and trades) Andrew Denham, MD at Panasonic UK, said: “Panasonic is committed to creating a better life and a better world, by contributing to the development of a sustainable future, working in harmony with the global environment and society. As such, we are very excited to be working with the National Trust to improve the overall sustainability of its heritage properties and outdoor sites.” GENERAL/CONSUMER: (for more consumer mags and general press) Andrew Denham, MD at Panasonic UK, said: “We have huge admiration for the National Trust and the fantastic work that they do, so are very excited to announce this partnership. The National Trust has a long history in creating and curating places of incredible beauty, and we look forward to helping visitors capture precious memories of their visits to these outstanding places.” National Trust quote Rod Hebden, Head of Corporate Partnerships at National Trust, said: “We're very pleased to work with Panasonic on this exciting partnership. Our staff and volunteers will now be able to capture, film and share images and stories of the special places we care for using Panasonic's state-of-the-art cameras. Many of our Rangers, who work in some of the remotest parts of the country, will be equipped with the latest notebooks to help them keep on top of their conservation work, looking after our beautiful landscapes. And we'll work with Panasonic to see how we could cut energy usage at some of properties." -Ends - About The National Trust The National Trust looks after more than 250,000 hectares of countryside, 742 miles of coastline and hundreds of historic places across England, Wales and Northern Ireland. For more information and ideas for great value family days out go to: http://www.nationaltrust.org.uk/. About Panasonic Panasonic Corporation is a worldwide leader in the development and engineering of electronic technologies and solutions for customers in residential, non-residential, mobility and personal applications. Since its founding in 1918, the company has expanded globally and now operates over 500 consolidated companies worldwide, recording consolidated net sales of 7.74 trillion yen (57.74 billion Euro) for the year ended March 31, 2014. Committed to pursuing new value through innovation across divisional lines, the company strives to create a better life and a better world for its customers. For more information about Panasonic, please visit the company's website at http://panasonic.net/.
