Berlin, September 3rd 2014 – Panasonic has today announced its full range of premium Ultra HD 4K TVs for 2014, incorporating the new AX630, alongside its AX802 models, its new ultra-large X940 series and flagship AX902 models. With its newest line-up extension, Panasonic’s 2014 Ultra HD (UHD) 4K TV line-up provides unprecedented, intense and immersive cinematic experiences in your home. With design inspiration taken from home furniture, the premium line-up has been designed to be in total harmony with your living room.   With UHD resolution of 3,840 x 2,160 pixels, four times as many pixels as a conventional Full HD device, the AX630 series stand out with their superior image sharpness, showing every nuance in perfect detail. Its Dual-Core Plus engine allows you to revel in a thrilling viewing experience with high brightness, great black levels and rich depth. It also boasts a slim bezel design and is available in screen sizes of 55, 48 and 40 inches. 4K content, today Panasonic’s 2014 UHD 4K TVs feature the widest range of inputs to ensure you have an extensive spectrum of 4K content at your fingertips. Just as the AX902, X940, and AX802, the AX630 is equipped with the new 4K 60p-supporting HDMI terminal, which is compatible with the High-bandwidth Digital Content Protection  (HDCP) 2.2 protocol, allowing 4K content to be transmitted at high frame rates. With input signals of up to 60 frames per second, the line-up provides the ultimate choice for consumers looking to access the next level in home entertainment, as well as professionals – such as those working in small TV studios – for whom picture quality is imperative. TV anywhere you are With brand new features including TV Anywhere and my Stream, all the 2014 VIERA premium UHD 4K models, including the AX630, provide a whole new level of TV entertainment. With TV Anywhere you can access your TV’s content from anywhere you are in the world. Using the Panasonic TV Remote 2 App and connecting to the Panasonic Cloud, you can stream live TV shows or movies on your tablet or smartphone wherever you are, as well as recorded content from a USB hard disk drive connected to your TV. If you are travelling, TV Anywhere enables you to begin watching a movie at home, start recording before you leave the house and then continue to watch from where you left off when you reach your hotel. If you forget to start the recording, you can still do this on the road thanks to the Panasonic TV Remote 2 App. Furthermore, my Stream totally redefines the TV viewing experience. The service provides individualised channels of personalised content for you and your family members, aggregated from a variety of sources. You have access to films and TV shows from cable, terrestrial broadcast, and Video on Demand (VOD) sources based on your viewing preferences, allowing you to easily access the content you love, without spending the time searching for it. Recorded content, home movies, family photos and online videos are also seamlessly included in the my Stream interface. Voice Print recognition technology, available via the touchpad remote and the Panasonic TV Remote 2 App, is used to identify which member of your household is using the TV and automatically calls up their my Stream profile. In addition, the innovative voice interaction and control functions not only understand individual words, but also whole sentences. Additionally with more integrated voice commands[1] available, you can easily find the content you are looking for. All UHD 4K VIERA models are designed and built to ensure easy operation, even for the most non-technical of users. This includes an optimised My Home Screen, VIERA’s start-up screen that can be personalised to the individual preferences of each family member. There are now additional options for downloadable home screens, including screens themed around sports (football), gaming, Twitter, Facebook and YouTube. Eco Friendly The new AX630 series offers smart eco functions and intelligent power saving controls to help save energy and conserve resources. An ambient light sensor automatically detects how bright the image should be and adjusts the display accordingly. Likewise connected devices consume power only when necessary. Note to editors - The premium AX630 series: ·  Ultra HD LED TV with 1200Hz (BLS) – high-speed 4K panel for brilliant, smooth motion picture quality and 3D ·  Slim Bezel Design in 40”, 48” and 55” ·  Brilliant Contrast – revel in a thrilling viewing experience with high brightness, great black levels and rich depth ·  TV Anywhere - your entertainment, from the TV to your Web-enabled mobile device, even outside the home ·  my Stream - enjoy content recommended to match your preferences, easily via an intuitive interface ·  Voice Assistant – simply use your voice to control the TV, search through your media or browse the Web   For more information, please visit; http://www.panasonic.com/uk/consumer/viera-televisions/led/tx-55ax630b.html http://www.panasonic.com/uk/consumer/viera-televisions/led/tx-48ax630b.html http://www.panasonic.com/uk/consumer/viera-televisions/led/tx-40ax630b.html  - ENDS – [1] Voice Assistant: availability varies by location. About Panasonic Panasonic Corporation is a worldwide leader in the development and engineering of electronic technologies and solutions for customers in residential, non-residential, mobility and personal applications. Since its founding in 1918, the company has expanded globally and now operates over 500 consolidated companies worldwide, recording consolidated net sales of 7.30 trillion yen (68 billion euros) for the year ended March 31, 2013. Committed to pursuing new value through innovation across divisional lines, the company strives to create a better life and a better world for its customers. For more information about Panasonic, please visit the company's website at http://panasonic.net/.
