7th October 2014 - Bring out your inner bedroom balladeer or kitchen clubber! Panasonic recently launched the ALL Series wireless hi-fi multi-room speaker system promotion (1st October 2014) which includes a free 3 month Spotify Premium service with the purchase of each ALL Series product. As part of the new promotion a video has been released on YouTube featuring Panasonic family, friends and staff, stills from which are also featured within the advertising and online campaign. The video stars family and friends of Panasonic, as well as staff strutting their stuff and singing along to their favourite hits, playing from the ALL Series speakers in various rooms around the house. There was very much a party atmosphere on the day of the video shoot itself; with music blaring, feathers flying and Frank the pug running around the studio. “It was a unique idea to use friends, family and staff from within the company” Says Stefan Kann from Brave, Panasonic’s creative agency who devised the concept “As a lot of people already knew one another we got to capture some really authentic moments where people were genuinely just enjoying themselves. There was a great ambience on set.” To view the fun for yourself for the Panasonic ALL Series party, check out the video on YouTube http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9LDxYHrBfxU. Stills pulled from the product video are also being used on the Panasonic website, with Panasonic’s very own ‘bedroom balladeer’ Kathryn Wright making her modelling debut. “The ALL Series product video was such a fun opportunity to be a part of, and to have my face on the main Panasonic homepage is just surreal! It’s an amazing thing to be able to take away from my time with the company.” Says Kathryn, Marketing Assistant at Panasonic UK, who is on a year’s university placement programme. So for ALL you living room rockers and garden groovers, the ALL Series wireless hi-fi multi-room speaker system is your perfect party starter. The ALL Series range incorporates impressive sound and multi-room functions. Qualcomm© AllPlay™ allows all music to be controlled through a single app, and music can be streamed from numerous sources such as your PC, tablet, smartphone or hard disk drive. With three models to choose from; the SC-ALL8, SC-ALL3 and SH-ALL1C there’s an ALL Series speaker for everyone so you can listen to whatever you love, wherever you like. Visit www.panasonic.co.uk.  -ENDS- About Panasonic Panasonic Corporation is a worldwide leader in the development and engineering of electronic technologies and solutions for customers in residential, non-residential, mobility and personal applications. Since its founding in 1918, the company has expanded globally and now operates over 500 consolidated companies worldwide, recording consolidated net sales of 7.74 trillion yen (57.74 billion Euro) for the year ended March 31, 2014. Committed to pursuing new value through innovation across divisional lines, the company strives to create a better life and a better world for its customers. For more information about Panasonic, please visit the company's website at http://panasonic.net/.
