7th February 2014 – Panasonic’s new LUMIX DMC-GH4 is the ideal interchangeable lens camera for photographers and videographers that want greater mobility and speed, while delivering the professional quality they expect. The most advanced camera yet in Panasonic’s series of LUMIX G cameras, the LUMIX DMC-GH4 boasts stunning image quality and 4K video capability in a compact and durable chassis.  Rugged, splash-proof and lightweight, the LUMIX DMC-GH4 is perfect for professional photographers that specialise in field work; while its newly developed image sensor and engine, wide line-up of compatible Micro Four Third lenses and 4K video shooting capability expand the range of possibilities for professional and creative video producers. Stunning 4K cinematography in the palm of your hand With the addition of 4K video recording, available in various formats and frequencies, videographers will have the capability to create stunningly immersive and realistic cinematic worlds, full of detail and true colour. At the same time, the professional and versatile recording capabilities will suit every kind of production site and shoot. Meanwhile the LUMIX DMC-GH4’s newly-developed 16.05-megapixel Live MOS sensor achieves high quality results every time, with the high sensitivity image recording and lightning fast response times that professionals expect. The high power Venus Engine image processor allows the camera to produce fantastic results with minimal noise – whether you’re reportage shooting in a crowded street or capturing shy wildlife at dusk. Durable, lightweight and ready for adventure You have to be agile to get the perfect shot in the field – so the LUMIX DMC-GH4’s lightweight and compact design means you’ll be able to seamlessly move through crowds or through challenging environments with ease. Dustproof and splashproof, the LUMIX DMC-GH4 is weather-sealed so that when the right time arrives you can be sure that the results won’t be limited by your surroundings. The LUMIX DMC-GH4 has been engineered with the needs of the professional photographer and videographer in mind, featuring an intuitive and ergonomic design to allow you to manually fine-tune the settings whilst in the act of shooting. The camera is also equipped with two high precision, high speed OLED displays. With one for the rear monitor and one for the LVF (Live View Finder) you will have total control over how you set up the shot to suit the situation as it unfolds. High speed, high precision shooting Precision, control and speed are essential elements for capturing inspiring images and videos. The LUMIX DMC-GH4 features enhanced DFD (Depth from defocus) technology which produces one of the world’s fastest auto focus speeds achieving clear, accurate results even at a moment’s notice.  Combined with an incredibly fast burst shooting capability – 12 fps at full resolution - you can be confident you’ll always get the shot you want, with complete clarity and accuracy. Creativity and expandability The LUMIX DMC-GH4 also features a variety of settings and modes that will help you further unleash your creativity, even before the post-production process. With VFR (Variable Frame Rate), video can be recorded in both dramatic slow motion and thrilling fast motion – from 2 fps to 96 fps or 4x speed - all in Full HD. You can create the next viral internet hit with stunning stop motion animation and time lapse shots, while precise control over video image quality can be achieved through advanced settings such Zebra Pattern, which allows you to finely control white wash-out. The LUMIX DMC-GH4 is also highly connected – including Wi-Fi and NFC connectivity – so that even your work in the field can be shared instantly, while an array of optional accessories means that the set-up can be tailored to the needs of every photographer or videographer. The LUMIX GH4 will be available in the UK from 5th May 2014. Kit and pricing information below: DMC-GH4 with 14-140mm lens RRP £1749.99 DMC-GH4 body only RRP £1299.99 DMC-GH4 body only with Interface unit (DMW-YAGHE) RRP £2499.99 About Panasonic Panasonic Corporation is a worldwide leader in the development and engineering of electronic technologies and solutions for customers in residential, non-residential, mobility and personal applications. Since its founding in 1918, the company has expanded globally and now operates over 500 consolidated companies worldwide, recording consolidated net sales of 7.30 trillion yen (68 billion euros) for the year ended March 31, 2013. Committed to pursuing new value through innovation across divisional lines, the company strives to create a better life and a better world for its customers. For more information about Panasonic, please visit the company's website at http://panasonic.net/.
