Norton Delivers Powerful Threat Protection in Single Service Norton Security brings the best of Norton to PCs, Macs, Android smartphones and tablets, iPhones and iPads READING, U.K. – Sept. 23, 2014 – In a move to streamline nine core offerings into one flagship subscription service, Symantec (Nasdaq: SYMC) today announced the availability of Norton Security. The new service is an advanced, multi-layered protection solution that helps shield consumers from sophisticated and evolving threats across all platforms. Norton Security is also available with an integrated backup capability to help ensure photos, address books and important files don’t get lost. “Security is deeply personal. Every day we see examples of private information being exposed or exploited,” said Fran Rosch, executive vice president, Norton Business Unit, Symantec. “We want to give people confidence whether they’re sharing photos or shopping from a smartphone that Norton Security is working behind the scenes to keep their information protected.” According to Symantec’s 2014 Internet Security and Threat Report, targeted attacks on personal data increased 91 percent, and more than 550 million identities were exposed last year. It’s increasingly important for consumers to take steps to protect themselves in this highly complex and connected world, no matter what device they are using. Norton Security delivers a seamless, easy-to-use service that takes advantage of Symantec technologies and intelligence to protect consumers from today’s advanced threats. A New Norton Norton Security is a single solution that protects PCs and Macs, as well as Android smartphones and tablets, iPhones and iPads. Key features and protections within Norton Security include: Best-In-Class Performance and Protection: According to three separate third-party tests conducted in September 2014, Norton Security is not only the fastest security product1; but it also scored 100 percent in “time-to-protect”2 by blocking all malware attacks on day one; and scored 100 percent in “vulnerability protection.”3 Beyond Just Antivirus: Norton Security builds on patented innovations like Insight, SONAR and threat monitoring with aggressive threat detection techniques that enable it to identify even the most resistant threats. In addition, Safe Web, Scam Insight, Download Insight, and Anti-Phishing technologies share information with one another to determine if a site is being used as part of a new social-engineered attack scam. 100% Virus Free Guarantee: We are so confident in our antivirus and malware protection, Norton Security now offers a 100% guarantee that will refund your money if a Norton expert fails to remove a virus from a PC or Mac. The Experience Is Just as Important as the Protection: Norton Security was designed from the ground up to make it easier than ever for consumers to get and maintain their protection through a simple cloud-based management portal. The portal’s updated user interface makes it easier for people to add protection to new devices, view protection status, and even manage their subscription details. Enhanced Identity Safe: Identity Safe is a secure password vault that can remember, secure, and automatically enter usernames and passwords. With increased incidents around passwords being stolen, and devices and information being breached as a result, Identity Safe can help protect usernames and passwords so they can’t be lost or stolen. Mobile App Intelligence: Norton Mobile Insight, a proprietary intelligence tool, crawls over 200 app stores globally to determine and provide dynamic analysis of app behavior. It protects against apps that leak personal information/content from devices, change settings, place ads in the notification bar, and require high battery or data usage. Armed with this information, consumers have more insight into what personal information is being collected and why their data plan costs may be rising. Backup your precious files and images: Consumers have the option to purchase 25GB of PC backup and save their personal files, photos, videos and other memories on their computer. Global Threat Intelligence and Free 24/7Support: Norton Security comes with 24/7 customer support from technical experts both by phone and online at no additional cost for a period of one year. Norton Security is backed by a team of more than 500 security experts around the world who are passionate about battling the bad guys and protecting the good guys. The team uses more than 41.5 million attack sensors recording thousands of events per second from more than 157 countries. Availability Norton Security is offered as a flexible service to protect all of your devices. Norton Security is being offered at MSRP $79.99 annually and Norton Security with Backup at MSRP $89.99 annually. Norton Security with Backup customers may add more storage in 10GB increments for $10 a year. Norton Small Business is also available starting at $99.99 to protect up to 5 employee devices and can be customized to secure as many additional devices as a small business needs to ensure all of their employees are protected. Norton Security is available for purchase online, in retail stores and through value-added resellers, such as Amazon and Staples, as well as Norton.com. About Symantec Symantec Corporation (NASDAQ: SYMC) is an information protection expert that helps people, businesses and governments seeking the freedom to unlock the opportunities technology brings -- anytime, anywhere. Founded in April 1982, Symantec, a Fortune 500 company, operating one of the largest global data-intelligence networks, has provided leading security, backup and availability solutions for where vital information is stored, accessed and shared. The company's more than 20,000 employees reside in more than 50 countries. Ninety-nine percent of Fortune 500 companies are Symantec customers. In fiscal 2014, it recorded revenues of $6.7 billion. To learn more go to www.symantec.com or connect with Symantec at: go.symantec.com/socialmedia. Note to Editors: If you would like additional information on Symantec Corporation and its products, please visit the Symantec News Room at www.symantec.com/news. All prices noted are in U.S. dollars and are valid only in the United States. Symantec and the Symantec Logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of Symantec Corporation or its affiliates in the U.S. and other countries. Other names may be trademarks of their respective owners. 1PassMark, September 2014, An overall performance test score comparison 2Dennis Labs, September 2014, Tracking Anti-Malware Protection 2015 3AV-Test, September 2014, Real World and Vulnerability Protection, Performance and Remediation Report
Information Unleashed A History of Joint Innovation on Display Mon Oct 27 17:24:22 GMT 2014 A Step Forward for Norton, Information Security and Information Management Wed Oct 15 00:24:30 GMT 2014 Accelerating Our Path Forward Thu Oct 09 20:05:00 GMT 2014 Visit the Information Unleashed Blog on Symantec Connect
